Home | Wealthfront Blog Blog Featured article 1 min read Wealthfront’s Next Chapter as a Public Company Product News July 23 What We’ve Shipped So Far In 2025 December 17 Meet Wealthfront’s S&P 500 Direct: A New Way to Invest In the S&P 500® and Save On Taxes December 16 Introducing Free Instant Withdrawals from the Wealthfront Cash Account Latest Stories 5 min read How Direct Indexing Helps You Keep More of What You Earn Back in 2013 when Wealthfront coined the term “direct indexing,” the strategy (which had been around for decades) was fairly exclusive. Companies like Parametric and Aperio had long offered direct indexing to wealthy clients, but Wealthfront was an early pioneer in offering the strategy for a low cost and low… 2 min read How Peter & Alex Used the Cash Account To Pay for a Wedding and Buy a House in the Same Week Names: Peter & Alex Relationship status: Married in June 2025 after a proposal on a long hike in Albania Approach to joint finances: A mix of joint and separate accounts Saving for: An international honeymoon Recent financial milestone: Just purchased a home together (within a week of their wedding!) First… 4 min read Vested Interest: Why Has the Market Been So Volatile? Well, It’s a Bunch of Things. This post is brought to you by Vested Interest, our forthcoming newsletter about what the financial and economic news might mean for your money, career, and life in general. Please get in touch via askwealthfront@wealthfront.com with comments and questions about other topics you’d like us to cover. The… 2 min read The Wealthfront Cash Account Now Has a 3.50% APY On Wednesday, October 29, the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) lowered the target range for the fed funds rate by 0.25%. As we’ve written about in the past, the fed funds rate is a direct input to the Cash Account Annual Percentage Yield (APY). As a result of the… 4 min read How and Why to Diversify Your Portfolio Diversification is the practice of buying a variety of different investments with the goal of balancing risk and reward in your portfolio. A well-diversified portfolio can help you maximize your expected returns without taking on unnecessary or unwanted risk. This is known as improving your “risk-adjusted returns.” You can think… 6 min read Which Wealthfront Account Is Right for You? At Wealthfront, we want to help you build long-term wealth on your own terms. That’s why we’ve built a robust suite of accounts powered by automation, with the goal of keeping both your costs and taxes low. If you’re looking for guidance on which accounts are best suited to your… Investing Investing 5 min read How Direct Indexing Helps You Keep More of What You Earn 4 min read How and Why to Diversify Your Portfolio 3 min read What Many People Misunderstand About Inflation 2 min read Volatility As an Opportunity: How Direct Indexing the Nasdaq-100® Unlocks Tax Savings 3 min read Vested Interest: Why the Stock Market Loves Skyrocketing Electricity Bills 3 min read Our Experts Explain What a Government Shutdown Means for Investors See more Saving Saving 4 min read How Couples Can Get the Most Out of the Wealthfront Cash Account 4 min read How To Make the Most of Your Money When Interest Rates Decrease 5 min read The Wealthfront Cash Account vs. High-Yield Savings Accounts 4 min read How To Get the Most Out of Your Cash Account 4 min read How Should I Save for Short-Term vs. Long-Term Goals? 7 min read How Much Money Should I Save? See more Planning Planning 6 min read Which Wealthfront Account Is Right for You? 6 min read Hoping for Lower Mortgage Rates? Here’s Why a Rate Cut Might Not Help 5 min read How to Get Ready to Buy a Home 5 min read How Much House Can You Actually Afford? 4 min read Avoid These Mistakes When Comparing Mortgage Rates 4 min read Mortgage Refinancing: What You Need To Know See more Industry insights Industry insights 4 min read Vested Interest: Why Has the Market Been So Volatile? Well, It’s a Bunch of Things. 3 min read Vested Interest: Why the Existence of “Premium Butter” Might Be a Key Macroeconomic Indicator 3 min read What Many People Misunderstand About Inflation 2 min read Volatility As an Opportunity: How Direct Indexing the Nasdaq-100® Unlocks Tax Savings 5 min read Inflation Explained: An Interview with Francesco D’Acunto, PhD 4 min read Don’t Miss the Market Rebound See more