Generative AI for Clinical Conversations | Abridge NEW Adoption, Scale & Impact Report Adoption, Scale & Impact Report learn more Skip to main content Intelligence at the point of conversation Enterprise-grade AI for clinical conversations—trusted by the largest healthcare systems. Measurably improving outcomes for clinicians, nurses, and revenue cycle teams at scale. Contact us Customers Click to see customers page Our Customers In The Press Johns Hopkins Johns Hopkins Medicine Deploys Abridge AI Platform for Clinical Documentation Across Enterprise Kaiser Permanente Kaiser Launches Largest Generative AI Project in Healthcare Duke Duke Health, Abridge Partner to Improve Clinician Efficiency and Patient Care Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic Expands Use of Abridge AI Platform Enterprise-wide to 2,000+ Physicians, Building on Existing Efforts with Nursing Documentation Johns Hopkins PRESS Johns Hopkins Medicine Deploys Abridge AI Platform for Clinical Documentation Across Enterprise Kaiser Permanente PRESS Kaiser Launches Largest Generative AI Project in Healthcare Duke PRESS Duke Health, Abridge Partner to Improve Clinician Efficiency and Patient Care Mayo Clinic PRESS Mayo Clinic Expands Use of Abridge AI Platform Enterprise-wide to 2,000+ Physicians, Building on Existing Efforts with Nursing Documentation Impactful Outcomes at Leading Healthcare Systems Abridge transforms patient-clinician conversations into contextually aware, clinically useful, and billable AI-generated notes. 78% decrease in cognitive load Read case study 90% of clinicians give more undivided attention Read case study 53% improvement in professional fulfillment Read case study 86% of clinicians do less after-hours work Read case study Clinicians Contextually aware, clinically useful, and billable AI-generated notes—in real time Learn more Revenue Cycle Close revenue cycle gaps at the point of conversation Learn more Nurses Pioneering the future of nursing documentation Learn more Abridge’s Contextual Reasoning Engine Leading healthcare AI infrastructure powering the most trusted clinically useful, billable, and compliant notes at the point of care. Learn more Enterprise-grade ai Built to Scale with the Most Complex Healthcare Systems Learn more Multiple Care Settings Multi-Specialty Multilingual Integrated Workflows Integrated Directly Inside Epic From Haiku to Hyperdrive, harness the power of Abridge from start to finish without ever leaving Epic. Introducing Abridge Contextual Reasoning Engine Leading healthcare AI infrastructure powering the most clinically useful and billable notes at the point of care. Discover more Awards Recognized for Contributions in Healthcare Best In Klas 2025 software & Service report Abridge Named Market Leader in Ambient AI KLAS Report Download ↘ #1 Most Innovative in Healthcare by Fast Company ↗ TIME Best Inventions ↗ Forbes AI 50 ↗ Business Insider 2024 AI Power List ↗ 100 Most Influential People in Healthcare ↗ Fortune 50 AI Innovators ↗ Shiv Rao: 100 Most Influential People in AI in 2024 ↗ Cloud 100 Lists ↗ Taking Care of Clinicians So They Can Take Care of Us We are a growing team of practicing MDs, AI scientists, PhDs, creatives, technologists, and engineers working together to empower people and make care make more sense. Watch video About us Abridge in the Press All press August 12, 2025 Announcing Real Time Prior Authorization at the Point of Conversation Read More April 29, 2025 AltaMed Health Services Corporation Partners with Abridge to Bring Leading AI Technology to Multilingual Communities Read More April 10, 2025 Sharp HealthCare Chooses Abridge for Clinical Documentation, Enabling Clinicians to Focus on Care—Not Coding Read More Tab 1 Tab 2 Download whitepaper By continuing, you agree to our Privacy Policy , and to receive marketing communications from us. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Report sent Your Abridge report has been sent to your email. SHARE REPORT Email Sent Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Error message REPORT READY Your report has now been downloaded.