Generative AI for Clinical Conversations NEWS Real-Time Prior Auth with Highmark Health & AHN → In Partnership with Highmark Health and AHN Introducing Real-time Prior Authorization READ PRESS RELEASE Skip to main content Enterprise-grade AI Generative AI Platform for Clinical Conversations Clinically useful and billable AI notes at the point of care, integrated directly into EHR workflows. Powered by the Abridge Contextual Reasoning Engine. Contact us Abridge Inside Epic Capture patient conversations in Haiku. Trust and verify AI note drafts in Hyperspace using Linked Evidence. Enterprise-grade AI Built to Scale with the Largest Enterprise Healthcare Systems Learn more Multiple Care Settings Works seamlessly across care settings, including outpatient, emergency medicine, and inpatient. Multi-Specialty Provides clinically accurate summaries and medical terms across specialties. Multilingual Recognizes, understands, and takes accurate notes across a wide range of languages. Integrated Workflows Adapts seamlessly to your existing implementations and EHR workflows. Best In Klas 2025 software & Service report Abridge Named Market Leader in Ambient AI KLAS Report Download ↘ Introducing Abridge Contextual Reasoning Engine Leading healthcare AI infrastructure, powering the most trusted billable, clinically useful, and compliant notes at the point of care. Discover more Powering Advanced CLINiCAL NOTES From Conversations to Clinically Useful Notes Unlock contextually aware notes with dynamically integrated data from previous patient encounters, health system-specific guidelines, and clinician preferences. From Conversations to Problem Prediction Automatically capture more precise problems. Our AI models intelligently recognize and group medical problems with language that aligns with appropriate billing codes. From Conversations to Actionable Outputs Lighten the cognitive load on clinicians by capturing EHR-integrated and actionable outputs, like medical orders, for clinician review. From Conversations to Evidence-Based Notes Generate auditable and compliant notes, tying AI-drafted outputs to source information across all input data—powered by Linked Evidence. Secure, Trusted, and Built for Enterprise Customer Case studies Christus Health Decreases Cognitive Load by 78% with Abridge Read case study “This shows that [the] technology has the power to ease burdens that our clinician colleagues have been experiencing.” Dr. Sachin Shah Chief Medical Information Officer — UChicago Medicine View press release Watch video UVM Health Network Improves Professional Fulfillment by 53% Read Case Study “Abridge was created by clinicians to capture the patient story, and drafts notes in an authentic, clinical voice.” Dr. Manisha Loss Associate CMIO — Johns Hopkins Medicine View press release Watch video Read case study “The reduction in cognitive load with Abridge has been incredibly freeing and is giving me back precious time with my patients and family." Dr. Kristin Jacob Medical Director for Physician and APP Well-Being, Corewell Health View Case study Enterprise Security and compliance With Abridge Enterprise, healthcare systems get all the tools they need to easily manage security, compliance, and deployments—for all clinicians, in one place. Single-Sign On (SSO) Control user access and make it easy for your clinicians to use Abridge. Custom Governance Controls Customization for your compliance and data governance requirements. Analytics and Reporting Track and monitor usage of Abridge across your health system in one place. HIPAA-Compliant Our enterprise-grade technology is 100% HIPAA-compliant with multiple layers of security and controls. Secure Cloud All data is stored and processed within secure, U.S.-based data centers to meet security and availability requirements. Encrypted Data All data is encrypted in-transit and at rest with 256-bit encryption to protect confidentiality and privacy. Pioneering the Science of AI Evaluation in Healthcare Read whitepaper As a clinician-led company with deep academic roots, we are committed to pioneering trustworthy AI systems. By sharing our insights—derived from investigative research and millions of encounters across the largest health systems in the world—we aim to contribute to the understanding and advancement of AI in healthcare. Abridge in the Press All press August 12, 2025 Announcing Real Time Prior Authorization at the Point of Conversation Read More April 29, 2025 AltaMed Health Services Corporation Partners with Abridge to Bring Leading AI Technology to Multilingual Communities Read More April 10, 2025 Sharp HealthCare Chooses Abridge for Clinical Documentation, Enabling Clinicians to Focus on Care—Not Coding Read More