Careers - build the future | Mistral AI Build the future here at Mistral AI. Now seeking: AI explorers with an entrepreneurial spirit. Apply now Our DNA. Are you audacious enough? Reason with rigor Ship early and accelerate Leave your ego aside Make our customers succeed Apply now Our rituals. At the heart of our culture is a strong sense of connection and celebration. We believe in fostering meaningful relationships and creating memorable experiences for our team. Team-driven celebrations and events A global offsite every year Weekly social events Who you’ll work with. Incredibly talented people building frontier AI that is accessible to everyone on the planet. A team with palpable bias for action. Colleagues in Paris, London, Palo Alto, and more. Play Pierre Stock AI Scientist & Observability Lead Play Garance Software Engineer Play Corentin Petit Solution Director Play Gianna Maria Lengyel Head of Business Developement Play Marie AI Scientist Apply now 200+ Team members 15 Different nationalities 50% Female leaders Discover our teams. Science Building frontier AI models and systems. Explore open roles Product and Engineering Building platforms and interfaces for AI systems. Explore open roles GTM Making our customers successful. Explore open roles Corporate Building a lasting, successful company. Explore open roles Benefits. France United States United Kingdom Singapore Healthcare with Alan Blue 100% supported by Mistral AI for you and your family Meal vouchers sponsored by Mistral AI at 60% (legal maximum) Fitness with the most premium Gymlib subscription Transportation with a “forfait mobilités durables” of 600€ per year Childcare with nursery seats reserved for employees Healthcare with various plans (Aetna/Kaiser/FSA/HSA) with 100% coverage for employee, 75% for dependents 401k including a 6% employer match Transportation $120/month for public transport Monthly allowance for your meals $120/month for gym membership Premium health care, income, and dental insurance Pension plan with 5% employee & 3% employer Monthly allowance for your meals Transportation 90GBP/month for public transport Fitness allowance Best-in-class health insurance Reimbursement of 120 SGP for public transportation or parking charges Allowance of 90 SGP monthly for fitness / gym membership 200 SGP monthly allowance for meals France United States United Kingdom Singapore Healthcare with Alan Blue 100% supported by Mistral AI for you and your family Meal vouchers sponsored by Mistral AI at 60% (legal maximum) Fitness with the most premium Gymlib subscription Transportation with a “forfait mobilités durables” of 600€ per year Childcare with nursery seats reserved for employees Apply now Resources Follow us on social. Linkedin Discord X Our models. Discover Company news. Company news