Frontier AI LLMs, assistants, agents, services | Mistral AI F r o n t i e r A I . I n Y o u r H a n d s . Configurable AI for all builders. Get a demo Start building Meet our customers Your AI future belongs in your hands. Frontier intelligence, tailored to You. Make your AI your own. Train, distill, fine-tune, and build with the world’s best open source models. Enterprise-grade. Agent-ready. Deploy agents that execute, adapt, and deliver real results, with powerful orchestration, tooling, and safety. Privacy-first. Deploy and build with AI anywhere—on-premises, cloud, edge, devices, and more—while retaining full control of your data. Deeply engaged solutioning and value delivery. Hands-on assistance from the world’s foremost applied AI scientists across deployment, solutioning, safety, and beyond. Get the job done faster, better. Unified AI for all your work. Your multilingual, multimodal AI assistant that can help with anything. Search, create, code, learn, automate, and collaborate with a unified and secure experience. Discover le Chat Custom AI solutions, deployable anywhere. Build and deploy AI apps with complete control: fine-tune models, develop agents, and run anywhere — from edge to cloud — with enterprise-grade tooling. Discover AI Studio Enterprise-grade AI-powered coding. Transform development workflows with an AI coding assistant that understands, completes, and optimizes your code. Discover Mistral Code Expert-led AI acceleration. Tailored, domain-specialized AI: from custom pre-training with your data to scaled deployment. With expert guidance throughout. Discover services Unified AI for all your work. Your multilingual, multimodal AI assistant that can help with anything. Search, create, code, learn, automate, and collaborate with a unified and secure experience. Discover le Chat Custom AI solutions, deployable anywhere. Build and deploy AI apps with complete control: fine-tune models, develop agents, and run anywhere — from edge to cloud — with enterprise-grade tooling. Discover AI Studio Enterprise-grade AI-powered coding. Transform development workflows with an AI coding assistant that understands, completes, and optimizes your code. Discover Mistral Code Expert-led AI acceleration. Tailored, domain-specialized AI: from custom pre-training with your data to scaled deployment. With expert guidance throughout. Discover services Powered by a deeply configurable AI platform. What Mistral AI can do for you. What Mistral AI can do for you. Enterprise agents AI-powered search Deep research Coding and analysis File processing Builder APIs Bespoke AI deployments Automate tasks with AI agents connected to your apps and libraries. AI deployments designed for privacy. Deploy our models in your environment, or consume as a service or from one of cloud partners. Discover more Our customers. Liz Centoni Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Experience Officer, Cisco “Mistral AI is a critical partner for Cisco Customer Experience (CX) as we build towards an Agentic-AI-Led future. The AI Renewals Agent is just the start of what we can build together with Mistral’s LLMs.” Bertrand Rondepierre CEO, French Agency for AI in Defense "We are proud to announce our strategic partnership with Mistral AI. This collaboration will enable us to develop state of the art AI solutions to the unique needs of our defense sector. This agreement encompasses two primary areas: a collaboration on advanced research themes such as multimodal models, robotics, automation, and embedded systems, and the industrialization of key products essential for French defense." Ned Curic Chief Engineering & Technology Officer, Stellantis “There are many players in the AI space, and we’re particularly happy to partner with Mistral AI for its strong ability to adapt quickly and drive meaningful results in a highly collaborative way. Together, we are exploring AI’s potential across several domains to enhance our product development, customer experience, and deliver real benefits.” Sophie Heller Chief Operating Officer at BNP Paribas Commercial, Personal Banking & Services “Gen AI will allow us to launch high quality virtual assistants to answer clients’ questions 24/7 and to simplify end-to-end processes, enhancing the way our teams support clients. Deploying Gen AI models within our infrastructure will ally the latest technology with our strong commitment for security.” Rodolphe Saadé Chairman and CEO, CMA CGM “Together, we will develop tailored solutions to reinvent our businesses, from maritime transport to logistics and media, with tangible benefits for our customers and our employees. With Mistral AI, we are choosing a French technology leader that combines excellence, digital sovereignty, and a strong sense of responsibility, to build an artificial intelligence that serves both our performance and our values.” Mark Parkinson Sr. Director of AI Development, Mars Science & Diagnostics “The Azure AI catalog provides access to a wide range of pre-built models such as Mistral to help restructure data and enhance our accuracy. We know it’s accurate because nothing goes into our production systems without being validated and signed off by radiologists.” Yusuf Ozuysal Director of Engineering, Snowflake “With Mistral Large and Codestral, Snowflake is delivering cutting-edge text-to-sql capabilities for complex and nuanced enterprise data.” Estelle Brachlianoff CEO, Veolia “In line with the GreenUp strategic plan, Veolia plans to increase the efficiencies brought about by digital and artificial intelligence in particular to optimize its customers' water and energy consumption, waste sorting and recycling, and strengthen predictive maintenance. By integrating generative artificial intelligence into the management of our sites and industrial processes, we are strengthening our ability to innovate and optimize our know-how in order to decarbonize, depollute and regenerate resources.” Ms. Gayle Chan STA Deputy Chief Executive (Information), Singapore’s Ministry of Defence (MINDEF) “Effective mission planning requires analysing vast amounts of data, a process that is highly demanding, resource-intensive and constrained by significant time pressure. In an increasingly complex environment, leveraging AI-enabled tools will support strategic decision-making of our commanders and enhance the agility of the SAF. By combining our expertise with Mistral AI’s capabilities, we aim to push the boundaries of what’s possible and drive meaningful impact.” The Prime Minister of Luxembourg “This partnership is a crucial step in our strategy to make Luxembourg a world leader in the sovereign data economy. European-style artificial intelligence with a Luxembourg touch. Beyond the development of new AI tools, it is above all the adoption of new technologies by citizens, businesses and public administration that will make all the difference.” Build the future of secure, private AI. Now seeking: Insatiably curious AI enthusiasts. View open roles The next chapter of AI is yours. Start building with Mistral AI Talk to an expert