About Photoroom | Photoroom Create Background remover Image generator Virtual model Product staging Background generator AI product photography See all Customize Logo maker Resize and expand Remove objects Product shadows Change background color Brand kit See all Scale Batch Teams API Work across devices Popular tools Photo editing Easy photo editing for individuals, growing brands, and enterprises alike: remove backgrounds, resize, polish, and create impactful product visuals in minutes. Read more Use cases Product listing Create ad visuals Drive online sales Increase brand visibility Create social media posts See all By industry Food & delivery Fashion & apparel Marketplaces Home & furniture Beauty See all Tools Marketplace playground Retail playground Image editing playground ROI calculator For your business Customer stories Discover how enterprises, small businesses and entrepreneurs achieve professional results with Photoroom. Read more Learn Customer stories Industry trends Video guides Webinars Sustainability Community Academy Templates Background library Find your community Developer API Integrations API documentation API pricing FB Community Help center Download iOS App Download Android App The background we never want to remove Our story began in 2019, when Matt Rouif- then a product manager at GoPro - received an urgent email: his app was about to get featured, and the marketing team needed new visuals, fast. There was just one problem… the designer was OOO. Determined to help, Matt opened a clunky photo editing tool and began painstakingly tracing the edges of each object in the image with the lasso tool. Hours later, he had a finished asset and a newfound frustration. That long night stuck with Matt. Months later, while swapping ideas with Eliot Andres - an engineer who saw the potential of AI before the rest of us caught on - he realized he wasn’t alone. He hit a bottleneck many teams know: creating fast, beautiful visuals eats hours. For a business, that means slower launches, stale listings, and sales left on the table. Matt and Eliot decided to tackle this challenge together and became cofounders, determined to make high-quality visual creation faster and more accessible. Today, Photoroom helps entrepreneurs, marketers, and global teams produce high-quality content without the traditional bottlenecks. From automated editing to AI-generated scenes, we’re building the future of visual creation. Because we’re not just great at removing backgrounds. We’re removing the barriers between great ideas and great visuals. Hiring Join us to shape the future of product photography We’re always looking for talented, driven people from diverse backgrounds to bring fresh perspectives and join our team. See openings Powering creative growth Photoroom has been key in our journey towards operational excellence in image editing. It has not only enhanced our processes but has also improved the quality of our product visuals, adding to our growth and success. Jeff Strauss Director of Imaging at Wolt, a Doordash company Proud to partner with these leading brands More Photoroom updates Photoroom featured on This Week in Startups: Our journey to 300M users Embracing radical openness: How a “No DM” Slack policy drives impact at Photoroom The Photoroom 2024 diversity report: Beyond the DEI backlash Playing to win: the unexpected way we innovate at Photoroom We’re training a text-to-image model from scratch and open-sourcing it The value of values: What we learned from an afternoon spent drawing Axolotls