Careers | OpenAI Skip to main content Log in Switch to ChatGPT (opens in a new window) Sora (opens in a new window) API Platform (opens in a new window) OpenAI Company Develop safe, beneficial AI systems We’re looking for curious minds from a wide range of disciplines and backgrounds. View open roles AI must be advanced with knowledge of and respect for humanity’s full spectrum of experiences and perspectives. Values: These values define what we consider to be the most important things. They guide our decision-making. We believe that channeling these values is the most promising way to achieve our mission. Humanity first. Working at OpenAI means being part of a team that is passionate about benefitting people and society through our work. We build AI to elevate humanity. Act with humility. Humility reminds us to recognize the limits of our own knowledge and to remain open to new ideas, perspectives, and the possibility of being wrong. This mindset influences our iterative approach to deployment, and the reintegration of feedback into our research. Feel the AGI. AGI will be powerful in an unprecedented way, with potential for upside and downside. Building it requires rigor and discipline, boundless imagination, and a deep sense of responsibility. We approach research and product development with respect for the transformative technology we are helping create, and the coupled benefits, changes, and risks that come along with it. Ship joy. Through our research we develop products that can transform how people live their lives. Our technology reflects an internal culture of optimism for the future and stewardship of our mission. Operating Principles: These principles define how we work together. They are important for establishing our operating culture. Find a way. We believe in finding a way to do the things that matter. We give agency to individuals and teams to find an approach that works. Ideas come from anywhere, regardless of title or tenure. Creativity over control. We look to find creative solutions, even if sometimes imperfect, over rigidity and control. Our approach to solving problems is based on best principles (first principles and best practices). Update quickly. We come in with a hypothesis and are willing to change our approach as we receive new information. We seek truth and adapt knowing that flexibility is key to progress on the path to AGI. Intense focus. We are hard workers who are here to make an impact on the world. This intensity and resilience are pivotal to the mission, while clarity and focus enable us to make hard decisions. Benefits Well-being centers everyday life. Our benefits package provides comprehensive support as you handle what matters today and confidently plan for your future. For employees Health, dental, and vision insurance Mental healthcare support and services Global travel insurance for you and any dependents traveling with you. Company sponsored retirement plan Domestic conference budget for each employee Life & family 24-week paid birth-parent leave, WFH for up to 4 weeks after leave 20-week paid parental leave, WFH for up to 4 weeks after leave Life and AD&D insurance Fertility treatment and family planning coverage Generous paid time off to recharge, care for yourself and loved ones, and handle life’s moments Culture & development Annual learning & development stipend Employee resource groups Team-driven celebrations and events Daily breakfast, lunch, and dinner 6 coaching sessions, for you and your dependents. Featured roles We’re always seeking talented individuals to join our team. View open roles OpenAI Residency OpenAI Residency is a six-month program which offers a pathway to a full-time role at OpenAI for researchers and engineers who don’t currently focus on artificial intelligence. Find out more Emerging talent Join us in building safe, beneficial AI for everyone. We welcome curious, driven people early in their professional journey through internships, residencies, and full-time roles. Find out more “My colleagues recognize the importance of what they’re building and genuinely care about the outcomes in ways that surpass previous technological breakthroughs.” Anna Makanju, Public Policy at OpenAI Resources Charter Company Interview guide Careers Building dynamic teams Company Shape the future of technology View open roles