API Platform | OpenAI Skip to main content Log in Switch to ChatGPT (opens in a new window) Sora (opens in a new window) API Platform (opens in a new window) OpenAI Build leading AI products on OpenAI’s platform Contact sales Start building (opens in a new window) Powered by our frontier models Our industry-leading models are designed for real-world utility, delivering advanced intelligence and multimodal capabilities. GPT-5.2 Input: $1.75 per 1M tokens Output: $14.00 per 1M tokens 400K context length 128K max output tokens Knowledge cut-off: Aug 31, 2025 Learn more (opens in a new window) (opens in a new window) GPT-5.2 pro Input: $21.00 per 1M tokens Output: $168.00 per 1M tokens 400K context length 128K max output tokens Knowledge cut-off: Aug 31, 2025 Learn more (opens in a new window) (opens in a new window) GPT-5 mini Input: $0.25 per 1M tokens Output: $2.00 per 1M tokens 400K context length 128K max output tokens Knowledge cut-off: Sep 30, 2024 Learn more (opens in a new window) (opens in a new window) Start working with GPT-5 Start building Prompting guidance Learn how to prompt GPT‑5 for highest performance. View prompting guidance (opens in a new window) Front-end coding examples Explore front-end applications built with GPT‑5. View front-end examples (opens in a new window) Migration support Learn how to migrate from other OpenAI models to GPT‑5. View migration guide (opens in a new window) The all-in-one platform for agents Build, deploy, and optimize production-ready agents faster with pre-built components or from scratch. Learn more Start building (opens in a new window) Build Build agents on a visual-first canvas with Agent Builder or in a code-first environment with the Agents SDK. Deploy Create customizable, front-end agentic experiences with ChatKit. Optimize Run evals to measure agentic performance, and improve results with prompt optimization and fine-tuning. Bring AI experiences to life Build natural-sounding voice agents with Realtime API ⁠ (opens in a new window) for rich customer experiences and support. Zillow makes home and financing searches easier with voice using the Realtime API. Use cases driven by our platform Contact sales Start building Coding Accelerate development cycles with models that write, review, debug, refactor, and migrate code. View customer stories Customer support Deliver faster customer support with models that resolve issues autonomously and handle customer queries. View customer stories Personalized recommendations Surface recommendations tailored to your customers to drive engagement, retention, and revenue. View customer stories Research & data analysis Turn complex data into clear insights and synthesized findings. View customer stories Content generation Produce high-quality content across text, image, and video to match your brand's look and feel. View customer stories Education Enhance learning with AI tools for lesson planning, tutoring, and support. View customer stories Enterprise-grade features for operating at scale Learn more Security and data privacy No training on your data⁠ Zero data retention policy by request⁠ Business Associate Agreements (BAA) for HIPAA compliance⁠ SOC 2 Type 2 compliance Data residency controls IP Allowlist and mTLS network controls Single sign-on (SSO) and multi-factor authentication (MFA) Data encryption at rest (AES-256) and in transit (TLS 1.2+) Administrative controls Manage access to tools, models, and projects through role based access controls Set billing and usage alerts to avoid overages View granular usage and cost activity by project Access to OpenAI expertise Dedicated account team and prioritized support Guidance on AI deployment and best practices from solutions architects Opportunity to collaborate with researchers on building custom AI models Get started Partner with us on your AI strategy Work with AI advisors to solve complex challenges Get hands-on deployment guidance Unlock priority processing pricing Contact sales Build on your own Access our frontier models and APIs Simple pay-as-you-go pricing Test in the Playground Build with our API documentation and developer resources Start building (opens in a new window)