The Lambda Deep Learning Blog Log in Get started Create account Talk to our team The Lambda Deep Learning Blog GENERAL ENGINEERING Recent Published on December 8, 2025 by Lambda Lambda Appoints Heather Planishek as Chief Financial Officer Industry veteran brings deep financial and operational expertise as Lambda accelerates the deployment of AI factories to meet demand from hyperscalers, ... Published on November 21, 2025 by Maxx Garrison Silicon Photonics for AI Clusters: Performance, Scale, Reliability, and Efficiency Scaling AI Compute Networks Frontier AI training and inference now operate at unprecedented scale. Training clusters have moved from thousands and tens of ... Published on November 18, 2025 by Lambda Lambda Raises Over $1.5B from TWG Global, USIT to Build Superintelligence Cloud Infrastructure Investment will accelerate Lambda's push to deploy gigawatt-scale AI factories and supercomputers to meet demand from hyperscalers, enterprises, and frontier ... Published on November 13, 2025 by Lambda Prime Data Centers and Lambda Partner to Power the Next Era of Superintelligence with AI-Optimized Infrastructure in Southern California New deployment at LAX01, Vernon's first AI-ready data center, delivers purpose-built, NVIDIA Blackwell infrastructure to accelerate the most advanced AI ... Published on November 12, 2025 by Anket Sah MLPerf Training v5.1: Lambda’s NVIDIA GB300 NVL72 outperforms NVIDIA GB200 NVL72 by 27% Training large language models (LLMs) takes massive compute power, making it critical for AI teams to understand and optimize performance across their systems. ... Published on November 3, 2025 by Lambda Lambda Announces Multibillion-Dollar Agreement With Microsoft to Deploy AI Infrastructure Powered by Tens of Thousands of NVIDIA GPUs Lambda to deliver mission-critical AI cloud compute at scale under a multi-year contract. Published on October 28, 2025 by Lambda Lambda Doubles Down on Midwest Expansion, To Build AI Factory in Kansas City, MO Site in Kansas City, MO, to welcome new jobs and more than 10,000 NVIDIA GPUs, with additional growth opportunities Published on October 22, 2025 by Khushboo Goel Gigawatt-Scale AI Factories: NVIDIA GB300 NVL72 System on Lambda Cloud The path to superintelligence depends on infrastructure capable of sustaining trillion-parameter models and reasoning workloads at scale. That’s why Lambda is ... Published on October 21, 2025 by Lambda Lambda Appoints Stacey Finerman as VP, Investor Relations Seasoned IR Leader from Zayo Group, Marqeta, and Square Brings Deep Expertise Published on October 9, 2025 by Lambda Lambda Achieves NVIDIA Exemplar Cloud Lambda is one of the first cloud providers to achieve NVIDIA validation for mission-critical AI training workloads at scale Published on September 30, 2025 by Anket Sah AI Factories: Redefining the enterprise playbook Yesterday’s data centers were built for servers. Tomorrow’s must be built for GPUs. Lambda is pioneering this shift, reimagining every layer of infrastructure, ... Published on September 25, 2025 by Lambda Lambda Appoints Heather Planishek to Board of Directors as Audit Chair Industry veteran brings deep financial and operational expertise from Tines and Palantir Published on September 23, 2025 by Lambda Lambda and ECL Bring the First Hydrogen-Powered NVIDIA GB300 NVL72 Systems Online Supermicro-built 142 kW NVIDIA GB300 NVL72 systems meet zero-emissions energy at ECL’s Mountain View facility, where Lambda has doubled its footprint Published on September 19, 2025 by Jessica Nicholson JAX on GPUs: Implementation Strategies for Enterprise Machine Learning JAX is rapidly emerging as the framework of choice for teams who need both research flexibility and production performance. While PyTorch dominates the ML ... Published on September 9, 2025 by Anket Sah LLM performance up 15.4%: MLPerf v5.1 confirms NVIDIA HGX B200 on Lambda is built for enterprise inference Inference at scale is still too slow. Large models often stall under real-world load, burning time, compute, and user trust. That’s the problem we set out to ... 1 2 3 4 5 Ready to build? Contact us to learn more about our Managed Kubernetes service and how it can help you accelerate your AI initiatives. Talk to our team