Solutions Partner Program | Clay.com Skip to main Copy logo to clipboard (png) Copied! Copy icon to clipboard (png) Copied! Download brand assets Downloaded! Get a demo Login Sign up Copy logo to clipboard (png) Copied! Copy icon to clipboard (png) Copied! Download brand assets Downloaded! Get a demo Login Sign up Partner Program Solutions at the Cutting Edge Clay Solutions Partners deliver top-tier AI-powered GTM work, signaling to clients your technical expertise, leadership, and service quality. Start Your Application For Partners Why partner with Clay Unlock exclusive tools, funding, and community support designed to grow your GTM business faster. Partner directory Whether you run a RevOps powerhouse or a solo advisory business, capture your unique service offering with a profile on our partner directory — it’s one of Clay’s most visited surfaces! Browse partner directory Co-marketing fund Clay Solutions Partners are already shaping the future of GTM — teaching, building, hosting, and sharing their expertise with the world. The Partner Growth Fund exists to back that momentum. Whether you're running a workshop, launching a course, creating a tool, or trying something new to grow your business — you can apply for $500–$15,000 grants or non-monetary support to bring your ideas to life and grow your business. Learn more and apply Referral revenue With 100,000+ customers like OpenAI, Uber, and Cursor, the Clay team will be onboarding and sharing 20% revenue with partners who can deliver the same level of care, creativity, and powerful, custom solutions to new shared customers. Learn more and apply Additional benefits For the world’s leading GTM agencies, Clay’s partner program is the ultimate toolbox — well-stocked with everything you need to create masterpieces for your clients. Training sessions A world-class community Direct access to engineers Sales materials Certifications Learn more and apply Choose your partner path Artisan You are very good at what you do and your work is producing repeatable success for several clients. Key benefit: resources to help you level up in Clay and scale up your pipeline, internal processes, and solution complexity. Advanced Artisan You are an established Clay expert and GTM advisor or fractional leader for larger organizations. Key benefit: network, positioning, and leads to help you scale your operations. Studio You’ve assembled a top-tier team to continue taking on more complex, strategic, and a greater volume of client projects. Key benefit: a deeper partnership with the Clay team on co-selling SMB and mid-market deals. Elite Studio You are solving the toughest go-to-market problems for the largest enterprises around the world. Key benefit: account planning, targeted co-selling, bespoke co-marketing. Application process The Solutions Partner application has four steps to show us your business, work, and client results. Applications are reviewed monthly on a rolling basis. 01 Submit Your Application You’ll start by filling out a short form that shares details about your business and includes any Clay certifications you’ve completed. This gives us the foundation to understand where you are in your journey and where you’re headed. 02 Initial Fit Review Our team will review your submission. If it aligns with the goals of the Solutions Partner Program, we’ll invite you to the next stage. ‍ 03 Showcase Your Work You’ll be asked to submit Clay builds and request client testimonials. This helps us understand the client experience you deliver. ‍ 04 Final Review & Decision Once everything is in, our team will do a holistic review. If accepted, you’ll join a vetted network of Solutions Partners. We review applications on a rolling basis and share decisions at the start of each month. ‍ Who we’re looking for Clay’s Solutions Partners are all creative, technical and, of course, obsessed with growth. Beyond these commonalities, our partners bring decades of specialized experience in everything from HubSpot/Salesforce, to paid search, to no-code automation. Understands customer needs Delivers tangible business results Experiments, learns, and stays ahead of the curve Solves complex technical challenges Pushes the boundaries of AI-enabled GTM workflows Learn more and apply What our partners say “Sales teams get deeper insights into their prospects with Clay’s data enrichment and leverage that to send highly relevant engagements in Outreach, leading to higher conversion rates and driving revenue growth. We look forward to continuing our work together on redefining the sales landscape through the most innovative AI offerings.” N. Lakshmanan SVP of Product & Design, Outreach “Clay has been a key channel for reaching thousands of SMB customers that our developer-driven solutions can't reach on their own. The user-friendly interface and integrations make it easy for small teams to incorporate our data into their Go-To-Market systems seamlessly. As we've expanded our data offerings, we've seen them grow alongside us, empowering their customers with valuable Company Insights, IP data, and more.” B. Eisenberg CEO, People Data Labs “Becoming a Clay Creator was an absolute no-brainer. You get to join the Clay family, help a great and thriving community, share best-in-class Clay practices, and get rewarded all-in-one. Can’t get much better than that.” Brandon Charleson Founder, Top of Funnel “Clay has been absolutely transformational for our business. Their waterfall solution helped us evolve into a true API-driven company, enabling us to provide our customers with the best possible pricing and significantly improve our accuracy. As a SaaS founder, partnering with Clay was one of the best decisions we've made - they've fundamentally changed how we operate and deliver value. I couldn't be more excited about everything they've done for us.” J. Ouellette Founder, LeadMagic “I was posting about Clay organically because the product helps me deliver for my business in a way that previously wasn't possible. When I was approached to join the Clay Creators program it was a game changer.” Alex Fine Clay Creator “Clay Creators is a game-changer. They've guided me through the most cutting-edge outbound practices and elevated my brand, achieving remarkable industry visibility. I highly recommend the program to anyone in outbound.” Taylor Haren Founder/CEO of Sales Automation Systems “Joining Creators isn't just about receiving affiliate revenue. You have a direct line to bleeding-edge outbound resources, Clay's social network and their incredible team.” Mark Colgan B2B Sales Consultant Frequently Asked Questions What is Clay? Clay helps go-to-market teams up level their data enrichment and automate personalized outreach. You can start with a list of leads, either prospected through Clay or from your own CRM, and follow the steps below. Step 1: Basic Data Enrichment & Cleaning Clay combines 75+ data enrichment tools into one marketplace, resulting in superior data coverage and quality—on anything from contact information to company firmographics. Our customers have tripled data coverage vs. providers like Zoominfo while cutting costs by a magnitude of ten or twenty. Step 2: AI Data Enrichment We enable you to use AI to do research that previously required manual SDR work, including reading and analyzing webpages, PDFs, and Google searches for specific information. Step 3: Automated Outreach Once you’ve nailed your data enrichment, you can use AI to craft relevant, compelling messaging based on that data. Everything syncs back to your CRM, allowing your team to go from campaign idea to execution in seconds. What kinds of companies uses Clay? We serve GTM teams of all sizes, ranging from large enterprise companies to SMBs, startups, solo founders, outbound agencies, and more. We have thousands of users and hundreds of paying customers, including Ramp, Pave, Verkada, and more. Who on my team should use Clay? Here are a few typically successful team setups we’ve seen with Clay. At enterprise companies: GTM leaders decide the criteria for lead enrichment, segmentation, and outreach A GTM operations team member implements the above criteria into Clay. (Clay is the team’s “enrichment layer,” which syncs to the CRM to keep data live and accurate). SDRs do not interface directly with Clay. Instead, they benefit from already-curated leads, enriched data, personalizations in their CRMs. For example, one client’s SDRs simply click a button in Salesforce to fetch enriched data from Clay, including relevant a company summary, relevant contacts, and a draft message. At startups, a growth lead often implements Clay and runs all of the company’s outreach single-handedly. Once the company reaches some level of volume, these startups hire a sales team member to help with live conversations. At outbound agencies, one founder often sets up and runs Clay campaigns on behalf of many clients. What tools does Clay replace for me? Clay can replace your prospecting, data enrichment, and AI message drafting tools. We don’t replace email sending tools or CRMs (we integrate with them!) Many people run successful campaigns using just Clay, an email sending tool, and a CRM. You can continue to use any tools you have subscriptions to in Clay. ‍ What common use cases can I accomplish in Clay? Build lists from CSVs or 10+ prospecting sources including free access to companies, people, and open jobs data. Enrich data with 100+ enrichment tools for superior data quality and coverage as compared to relying on just one tool. Use AI to scrape websites, do unstructured research that previously required SDRs, and draft messages . Teams commonly also use Clay to automate outbound lead generation campaigns, CRM enrichment, inbound lead scoring and outreach, and more. What does Clay change about my current process? Traditional outbound sales meant people spending a lot of manual effort on bad research and generic, spammy emails that don’t land new customers. By enabling new levels of deep research, targeting, and messaging, Clay helps businesses quickly find and message their ideal customers. We save teams immense amounts of time and money in the service of helping them grow. How does Clay impact the conversation about stricter spam limits? There are more APIs and data enrichment tools than ever before and more SaaS companies selling to other SaaS companies as well. This means outbound email is becoming harder, spam filters are getting better, and the need to be ultra-specific and personalized is now super important otherwise you will get banned. Clay helps companies find the right customers and message them at the right time, which means sending a smaller number of highly targeted emails rather than large blasts of generic, spammy messages. Clay helps companies avoid spam filters by actually sending relevant, compelling emails. This is better for companies and better for customers. Why hasn’t anyone done this yet? We have different beliefs than people who are building enrichment tools No data set will be complete You should be able to clean the data and get the data in the same place to simplify the workflow We believe that by opening up different ways of prospecting, there will be creative techniques to find companies rather than one prescribed approach. How much does it cost? Our paid plans start at $149/mo. Our free trial that gives you access to our Pro Plan ($800/mo value) for 14 days, with 1000 credits. We also have a free plan. See more details on our pricing page . How does Clay impact my SDR workflow? No. Clay reduces the amount of manual grunt work that SDRs have to do and allows them to focus on nurturing and closing deals through cold calls, personal follow-ups, real sales conversations, and more.