Careers, Internships and Jobs at Relay Products Solutions Resources Customers Pricing Log in Request a Demo Sign Up Log in Sign Up Let's create meaningful work—together See Opportunities We’re driving real change for small business owners, powered by truly remarkable people. At Relay, you'll find the confidence to take chances, trust to take initiative, and the support you need to build a career you love. Here, we make sure every team member feels empowered to make big decisions, encouraged to ask tough questions, and challenged to take risks that result in work we’re all proud of. We give you the baton—you run the Relay. Join a collaborative team helping small businesses thrive Our Values Our values are more than just lip service; they embody our commitment to our work, to the small businesses we serve, and to each other. Get 1% better every day Take big swings, all while getting the coaching and feedback you need so you end up with more home runs than foul balls. Get in the fast lane To create never-before-seen solutions for seen-all-too-often problems, we’ve gotta take big risks. Whether they pay off or not, we’re grateful for whatever learning they provide. Lead with context When we start with the broader context, we’re able to expand our understanding, go deeper in the work, and accelerate our impact. Run towards problems Call us do-gooders, but we like to leave things better than how we found them. We’re a team of solution-seekers who gravitate towards solving problems (and celebrating solutions) together. Enjoy the ride Start-ups are full of ups and downs. As long as we’re approaching each twist and turn with compassion and curiosity, we can make every day a little more joyful for our team and our customers. Be the champion for SMBs We’re building a company dedicated to customer empathy and success; we put them at the center of everything we do and obsess about long-term customer delight. Be courageous When we’re comfortable sharing our voices, not only do we create a better product and a stronger team; we inspire others to do the same, resulting in building a world-class company together. Working at Relay means working with the smartest, most ambitious people you’ll ever meet. We’re growing like crazy, and we’re making a real difference by helping entrepreneurs build healthy, cashflow-positive small businesses. Jill Kearney Senior Manager, Product Marketing At Relay, you never feel bottlenecked, from starting your position to becoming a senior team member. You always feel the ability to grow and challenge yourself, and have leaders who are passionate to see you grow! Cyrano Sanna Senior Customer Experience Specialist Relay is a feedback-driven environment, encouraging you to learn and make mistakes along the way. I’m happy to show up to work every day in an environment that believes in transparency, authenticity, and growth. Deanna Zubrickas Senior Account Manager Relay’s culture is all about growth, with plenty of opportunities for learning and development. The engineering team is top-notch, using cutting-edge tech to tackle challenging projects and drive impact. It’s a close-knit group that works together to get things done. Naim Sakaamini Engineering Manager Relay goes beyond its, "1% better every day” philosophy, fostering a supportive environment for both professional growth and personal development. It’s energizing to be part of a culture that’s dedicated to constant improvement and ensuring that we enjoy the journey. Shezal Lalani Director, Finance Since joining Relay, I’ve been fortunate to explore two internal teams and four different roles. I’m grateful for the growth and the chance to connect with colleagues—especially geeking out about movies. Danielle Baxter People Operations Specialist One of the things I love about working at Relay is the meaningful responsibility and agency I’m given. Every day is a learning journey, and designing impactful products for our customers is incredibly fulfilling. Joon Park Product Designer Relay fulfills its commitment every day to fostering a culture of innovation and improvement that’s fully centered around empowering the small business community. The strong sense of teamwork is extremely rewarding. Tony Iakovlev Senior Manager, Risk Operations Working at Relay means working with the smartest, most ambitious people you’ll ever meet. We’re growing like crazy, and we’re making a real difference by helping entrepreneurs build healthy, cashflow-positive small businesses. Jill Kearney Senior Manager, Product Marketing At Relay, you never feel bottlenecked, from starting your position to becoming a senior team member. You always feel the ability to grow and challenge yourself, and have leaders who are passionate to see you grow! Cyrano Sanna Senior Customer Experience Specialist Relay is a feedback-driven environment, encouraging you to learn and make mistakes along the way. I’m happy to show up to work every day in an environment that believes in transparency, authenticity, and growth. Deanna Zubrickas Senior Account Manager Relay’s culture is all about growth, with plenty of opportunities for learning and development. The engineering team is top-notch, using cutting-edge tech to tackle challenging projects and drive impact. It’s a close-knit group that works together to get things done. Naim Sakaamini Engineering Manager Relay goes beyond its, "1% better every day” philosophy, fostering a supportive environment for both professional growth and personal development. It’s energizing to be part of a culture that’s dedicated to constant improvement and ensuring that we enjoy the journey. Shezal Lalani Director, Finance Since joining Relay, I’ve been fortunate to explore two internal teams and four different roles. I’m grateful for the growth and the chance to connect with colleagues—especially geeking out about movies. Danielle Baxter People Operations Specialist One of the things I love about working at Relay is the meaningful responsibility and agency I’m given. Every day is a learning journey, and designing impactful products for our customers is incredibly fulfilling. Joon Park Product Designer Relay fulfills its commitment every day to fostering a culture of innovation and improvement that’s fully centered around empowering the small business community. The strong sense of teamwork is extremely rewarding. Tony Iakovlev Senior Manager, Risk Operations Working at Relay means working with the smartest, most ambitious people you’ll ever meet. We’re growing like crazy, and we’re making a real difference by helping entrepreneurs build healthy, cashflow-positive small businesses. Jill Kearney Senior Manager, Product Marketing At Relay, you never feel bottlenecked, from starting your position to becoming a senior team member. You always feel the ability to grow and challenge yourself, and have leaders who are passionate to see you grow! Cyrano Sanna Senior Customer Experience Specialist Kevin's Relay Story Meet Kevin; Relay OG and customer experience luminary. Joining as Customer Experience Specialist in 2022, Kevin quickly rose in the Relay ranks to our first-ever Customer Experience Team Lead. Kevin not only exemplifies the care, empathy, and curiosity that we’re known for; his hair is also regularly mistaken for Blue Jays’ short stop Bo Bichette’s glorious flow. Perks and Benefits at Relay Even when we love what we do, we love our people more. We’re proud to offer a robust benefits package that’s crafted to support your overall growth and well-being. Competitive salary and meaningful equity Relay employees are Relay owners, complete with equity and a competitive salary. Since 2023, 66%+ of employees have received salary increases, with multiple new team members joining just last year. Social connection We believe in celebrating our wins with two annual company-wide get-togethers, quarterly team events, happy hours, and special events and networking opportunities with industry leaders. Personal and professional growth Through ongoing feedback, mentorship, and coaching, work with peers and leaders who are invested in your growth and success. Even with more than half of our team joining in the last 12 months, almost 20% have received promotions in the last year alone. Parental leave with top-up We offer 12 weeks off with a 100% salary top-up for all full-time employees, regardless of location, and accessible for all parents: birthing, non-birthing, and adoptive. Comprehensive health benefits Enjoy full health benefits from day one: no probation period required. We offer flexible Health or Wellness Spending Accounts and medical, dental, and vision coverage for you and your dependents. Hybrid work environment We value meaningful collaboration and connection at our Toronto office three days per week, with lunch, snacks, and beverages on us. Top-tier equipment As a Mac-first company, our Toronto offices have everything you need to produce your best work comfortably, from multiple screens to ergonomic seating. Flexible vacation and time off Every team member starts with 15 vacation days and 5 flex days to use as needed, plus an extra week of office closure during the end-of-year holidays. Dog-friendly space Can dogs really make you happy and healthy? We don’t know for sure, but since we don’t want to chance it, our office is 100% floof-friendly. Award-winning workplace As a winner of CB Insights' Fintech 100, Deloitte Canada's Technology Fast 50, Forbes Fintech 50, and the CIX Top 10 Growth Award, Relay is a recognized innovative and high-growth company. Glassdoor 4.8 92 % Recommend to a Friend 98 % Approve of CEO 92 % Positive Business Outlook Numbers as of January 10, 2024 Get a peek into our day-to-day work (with plenty of dog cameos) Learn more about instagram Explore our job openings, learn about our culture, and hear from our team Learn more about linkedin Ready to help small businesses be on the money? View opportunities Ready to get started? Sign up