Relay | Online Business Banking | On The Money, All The Time Products Solutions Resources Customers Pricing Log in Request a Demo Sign Up Log in Sign Up Your cash flow can be clearer Apply now for small business banking that puts you in complete control of what you’re earning, spending and saving. Apply Now Bank with Relay Relay is a financial technology company and is not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services provided by Thread Bank 2 , Member FDIC. FDIC deposit insurance covers the failure of an insured bank. Certain conditions must be satisfied for pass-through deposit insurance coverage to apply. The Relay Visa® Debit Card is issued by Thread Bank, member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used anywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. The Relay Visa Credit® Card is issued by Thread Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc and may be used anywhere Visa credit cards are accepted. “ It’s the perfect banking platform for small businesses that want complete cash flow clarity. ” Mike Michalowicz , Author of Profit First “ It’s ideal for business owners who want to simplify their finances and use a “Profit First” cash flow strategy. ” Forbes Advisor “ It’s very smooth, easy to use. I am doing Profit First, and it makes it extremely easy to set up multiple accounts. ” Jon Meadows , Creative Transitions and High-End YOUR MUST-HAVES, covered No hidden fees or minimums that tie up cash flow Savings with up to 2.68% Annual Percentage Yield (APY) 1 All the payments you could need—ACH, check and wire 20 checking accounts for meticulous organization Up to 1.5% cash back* on credit card spending FDIC insurance up to $3M for funds on deposit 2 Your cash flow can be clearer Relay is small business banking that puts you in complete control of what you’re earning, spending and saving. Apply Now Bank with Relay Relay is a financial technology company and is not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services provided by Thread Bank 2 , Member FDIC. FDIC deposit insurance covers the failure of an insured bank. Certain conditions must be satisfied for pass-through deposit insurance coverage to apply. The Relay Visa® Debit Card is issued by Thread Bank, member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used anywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. The Relay Visa Credit® Card is issued by Thread Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc and may be used anywhere Visa credit cards are accepted. FDIC Insurance up to $3M available for funds on deposit via Thread Bank, Member FDIC 2,3 Visa® Zero Liability Protection Your cash flow can be clearer Relay is small business banking that puts you in complete control of what you’re earning, spending and saving. Apply Now Bank with Relay Relay is a financial technology company and is not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services provided by Thread Bank 2 , Member FDIC. FDIC deposit insurance covers the failure of an insured bank. Certain conditions must be satisfied for pass-through deposit insurance coverage to apply. The Relay Visa® Debit Card is issued by Thread Bank, member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used anywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. The Relay Visa Credit® Card is issued by Thread Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc and may be used anywhere Visa credit cards are accepted. FDIC Insurance up to $3M available for funds on deposit via Thread Bank, Member FDIC 2,3 Visa® Zero Liability Protection FDIC Insurance up to $3M available for funds on deposit via Thread Bank, Member FDIC 2,3 Visa® Zero Liability Protection “ It’s the perfect banking platform for small businesses that want complete cash flow clarity. ” Mike Michalowicz , Author of Profit First “ It’s ideal for business owners who want to simplify their finances and use a “Profit First” cash flow strategy. ” Forbes Advisor “ It’s very smooth, easy to use. I am doing Profit First, and it makes it extremely easy to set up multiple accounts. ” Jon Meadows , Creative Transitions and High-End YOUR MUST-HAVES, covered No hidden fees or minimums that tie up cash flow Savings with up to 2.68% Annual Percentage Yield (APY) 1 All the payments you could need—ACH, check and wire 20 checking accounts for meticulous organization Up to 1.5% cash back* on credit card spending FDIC insurance up to $3M for funds on deposit 2 7-figure sales? Time to talk. You didn't build a booming business to babysit your bank account. Relay gives you the tools to grow, no DIY required. Request a demo Ready to be on the money? Let's bank Ready to get started? Sign up