Inference Platform: Deploy AI models in production | Baseten Baseten acquires Parsed: Own your intelligence by unifying training and inference . READ Inference is everything The fastest model runtimes, cross-cloud high availability, and seamless developer workflows. Powered by the Baseten Inference Stack. Get started Talk to an engineer ‌ Trusted by top engineering and machine learning teams Products The platform for high-performance inference Dedicated inference for high-scale workloads Serve open-source, custom, and fine-tuned AI models on infra purpose-built for high-performance inference at massive scale. Start deploying Learn more ‌ Pre-optimized Model APIs Test new workloads, prototype products, or evaluate the latest AI models optimized to be the fastest in production — instantly. Learn more Qwen3 Coder 480B Try It DeepSeek V3.1 Try It GPT OSS 120B Try It Explore the model Library Explore Run Training on Baseten Train your models and easily deploy them in one click on inference-optimized infrastructure for the best possible performance. Learn more ‌ The fastest inference takes more than GPUs. Baseten delivers the infrastructure, tooling, and expertise needed to bring the most performant AI products to market—fast. Bleeding-edge performance research Run cutting-edge performance research with custom kernels, the latest decoding techniques, and advanced caching baked into the Baseten Inference Stack. Learn More ‌ Learn More Inference-optimized infrastructure Scale workloads across any region and any cloud (in our cloud or yours), with blazing-fast cold starts and 99.99% uptime out of the box. Learn More ‌ Learn More DevEx built for rapid iteration Deploy, optimize, and manage your models and compound AI with a delightful developer experience built into Baseten's inference platform. Learn More ‌ Learn More Forward Deployed Engineers Partner with our forward deployed engineers to build, optimize, and scale your models with hands-on support from prototype to production. Learn More ‌ Learn More Scale fast–in our cloud or yours. Learn more Rapidly scale workloads across any cloud provider with global capacity. We offer single-tenant and self-hosted deployments for extra security. Learn more Baseten Cloud Get the fastest time to market with fully-managed, global deployment options and massive horizontal scale. Use single-tenant clusters for additional workload isolation. Learn more Get the fastest time to market with fully-managed, global deployment options and massive horizontal scale. Use single-tenant clusters for additional workload isolation. Learn more Self-hosted Get the low latency, high throughput, and dev experience you expect from a managed service, right in your own VPCs. Optionally, go hybrid with on-demand flex capacity on Baseten Cloud. Learn more Get the low latency, high throughput, and dev experience you expect from a managed service, right in your own VPCs. Optionally, go hybrid with on-demand flex capacity on Baseten Cloud. Learn more Engineered for the most demanding Gen AI apps Custom performance optimizations tailored for Gen AI applications are baked into the Baseten Inference Stack. Rapid image generation Serve custom models or ComfyUI workflows, fine-tune for your use case, and quickly generate high-quality images on our inference platform. Optimized transcription We power the fastest, most accurate, and most cost-efficient transcription and speaker diarization on the market. SOTA text-to-speech We built real-time audio streaming to power AI phone calls, voice agents, translation, and more with the lowest time to first byte (TTFB). Performant LLM runtimes Get the highest throughput and lowest latency in production with models like Qwen, DeepSeek, GLM, and gpt-oss. The fastest embeddings Baseten Embeddings Inference (BEI) has over 2x higher throughput and 10% lower latency than any other solution on the market. Ultra-low-latency compound AI Baseten Chains enables granular hardware and autoscaling for compound AI, powering 6x better GPU usage and cutting latency in half. Dedicated inference for custom models Deploy any custom or proprietary model and get out-of-the-box model performance optimizations and massive horizontal scale with the Baseten Inference Stack. docs What our customers are saying See all Nathan Sobo , Co-founder I want the best possible experience for our users, but also for our company. Baseten has hands down provided both. We really appreciate the level of commitment and support from your entire team. Sahaj Garg , Co-Founder and CTO With Baseten, we gained a lot of control over our entire inference pipeline and worked with Baseten's team to optimize each step. Mahendan Karunakaran , Head of Mobile Engineering With the launch of Brain MAX we've discovered how addictive speech-to-text is - we use it every day and want it everywhere. But it's difficult to get reliable, performant, and scalable inference. Baseten helped us unlock sub-300ms transcription with no unpredictable latency spikes. It's been a game-changer for us and our users. Isaiah Granet , CEO and Co-Founder You guys have literally enabled us to hit insane revenue numbers without ever thinking about GPUs and scaling. We would be stuck in GPU AWS land without y'all. Truss files are amazing, y'all are on top of it always, and the product is well thought out. I know I ask for a lot so I just wanted to let you guys know that I am so blown away by everything Baseten. Waseem Alshikh , CTO and Co-Founder of Writer Inference for custom-built LLMs could be a major headache. Thanks to Baseten, we're getting cost-effective high-performance model serving without any extra burden on our internal engineering teams. Instead, we get to focus our expertise on creating the best possible domain-specific LLMs for our customers. You guys have literally enabled us to hit insane revenue numbers without ever thinking about GPUs and scaling. We would be stuck in GPU AWS land without y'all. Truss files are amazing, y'all are on top of it always, and the product is well thought out. I know I ask for a lot so I just wanted to let you guys know that I am so blown away by everything Baseten. I want the best possible experience for our users, but also for our company. Baseten has hands down provided both. We really appreciate the level of commitment and support from your entire team. Nathan Sobo , Co-founder You guys have literally enabled us to hit insane revenue numbers without ever thinking about GPUs and scaling. We would be stuck in GPU AWS land without y'all. Truss files are amazing, y'all are on top of it always, and the product is well thought out. I know I ask for a lot so I just wanted to let you guys know that I am so blown away by everything Baseten. I want the best possible experience for our users, but also for our company. Baseten has hands down provided both. We really appreciate the level of commitment and support from your entire team. Explore Baseten today Start deploying Talk to an engineer