About Us | Kin Insurance Kin. Get a quote Hi, we’re Kin! We’re changing home insurance from what it is to what it should be. The world has changed. Why hasn’t insurance? Insuring your house is more than just a financial decision. It’s the peace of mind when you know the home you’ve made is in the care of an insurance provider you trust. While other insurance providers struggle to handle a fast-changing world, Kin is built for the future and prepared to meet its challenges head on while helping our customers do the same. We’re fully licensed and our carrier partners, Kin Interinsurance Network and Kin Interinsurance Nexus Exchange , have both earned a Financial Stability Rating® (FSR) of A, Exceptional by Demotech, Inc.* They’re backed by a group of more than 40 financially strong reinsurers that all have an A- rating or higher from AM Best or are fully collateralized. The bottom line? Customers can count on financial strength to help them through everyday claims and game-changing catastrophes – check out our most recent earnings report here . Founded in 2016 240k+ policies bound 750+ employees nationwide $989 Average customer savings** 80 Average Net Promoter Score (Home insurance industry average is 42) 4.7 Out of 5 average customer service satisfaction 9k+ 5-star online reviews We believe Home insurance should be easy. With Kin, you have your choice of a DIY online experience or assistance from our friendly licensed agents. We recommend the appropriate coverage for each home and customize your policy based on your needs. Protecting your home should be affordable. On average, customers report saving more than $980 when they switch with Kin. Our carrier partners offer innovative discounts and affordable rates for our customers. You deserve a home insurance provider that cares about you. We built Kin to put our customers first and, based on our excellent customer reviews , we're on the right track. Our leadership Collectively, our team has decades of experience in finance, insurance, and technology. But more than anything, we’re problem-solvers eager to rebuild the insurance industry. Sean Harper Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer Jerry Fadden Chief Finance Officer Angel Conlin Chief Insurance and Compliance Officer Brian Pogrund Chief Operating Officer and Chief Revenue Officer Effie Kyroudis Chief HR Officer Kevin Greene Chief Technology Officer Sachin Adarkar Chief Legal Officer Adam Sturt Chief Analytics Officer Want to join us? At Kin, we value dreaming big, tackling challenges, being transparent, and working together to make a lasting impact on our industry. Come learn and grow with us. Explore Career Opportunities Start saving on your home insurance