Home insurance demystified | The Kin Insurance blog Kin. Get a quote Home insurance demystified Research 60% of California homeowners have struggled to find affordable home insurance over the last three years 60% of California homeowners have struggled to find affordable home insurance over the last three years Read this post Research More than half of American homeowners say “debt freedom” has replaced homeownership as the American Dream More than half of American homeowners say “debt freedom” has replaced homeownership as the American Dream Read This Post Research 75% of American homeowners say home renovation TV shows make DIY projects look “easier and cheaper” than reality 75% of American homeowners say home renovation TV shows make DIY projects look “easier and cheaper” than reality Read This Post Understanding California FAIR Plan insurance: Coverage, limits & alternatives Understanding California FAIR Plan insurance: Coverage, limits & alternatives Read This Post Why is home insurance getting more expensive in California? Why is home insurance getting more expensive in California? Wildfire risks, construction costs, the frequency of severe claims in the state, and other factors are making home insurance more expensive in California. Read This Post Research Gen Z expects more: Why Gen Z homeowners are harder to please Gen Z expects more: Why Gen Z homeowners are harder to please Gen Z homeowners are significantly less satisfied with their insurance providers than previous generations — especially with their customer service. Read This Post Research Gen Z homeowners are 27% more likely to have “buyer’s remorse” than previous generations Gen Z homeowners are 27% more likely to have “buyer’s remorse” than previous generations Plus, nearly half of American homeowners say ownership has increased their stress. Read This Post Research 48% of US homeowners shy away from these disaster-prone states 48% of US homeowners shy away from these disaster-prone states Extreme weather is reshaping where Americans want to live: Nearly three out of 10 would avoid purchasing a home in Florida or California due to disaster risks. Read This Post Home warranty vs. home insurance Home warranty vs. home insurance Learn about the differences between a home warranty and home insurance, including what's covered, what's excluded, and which one you need. Read This Post Does home insurance go up after a claim? Does home insurance go up after a claim? Home insurance premiums often go up after filing a claim, but there are limits based on state law and your personal claims history. Read This Post Does home insurance cover appliances? Does home insurance cover appliances? Home insurance may cover appliances under certain circumstances, such as theft or a fire, but not every incident will be covered. Read This Post How is home insurance paid? How is home insurance paid? Home insurance premiums are usually paid through an escrow account, or directly to the insurer by the homeowners. Read This Post Does home insurance cover water heaters? Does home insurance cover water heaters? Read This Post