Career Opportunities with Kin Insurance Kin. Get a quote Build a future with us! We exist to change home insurance from what it is to what it should be. Explore Open Roles Who We Are Kin is the home insurance company For Every New Normal. Because of our proprietary technology and direct-to-consumer model, we provide affordable pricing without compromising coverage, even in areas most impacted by climate change. We’re proud to be recognized by Forbes as a Best Startup Employer in America and Inc. 5000 as a Fastest Growing Companies in America (Rank #37 in 2024). We’re growing fast, and we’re searching for ambitious, creative, and collaborative individuals to join our team of innovators. At Kin collective diversity propels us forward. We are committed to fostering an environment where all individuals feel valued, included, and empowered to contribute their unique perspective and drive meaningful change. We are breaking down barriers to create opportunities for Kinfolk of all backgrounds and identities. We’ve Got You Covered We know firsthand how important insurance is. That’s why we provide a variety of benefits, options, and coverage levels to fit your needs. Your Basics Medical Dental Vision Life insurance Voluntary benefits such as life insurance, disability insurance, and more! Your Future 401k with company match Paid parental leave program Flexible spending account options including healthcare, commuter, and dependent care Company paid training and development opportunities Your Bliss Remote first environment - work where you work best! Flexible PTO options Daily snacks and drink options available for those that choose to join us in office Kin's Core Values Our core values embody who Kin is today, as well as who we aspire to be tomorrow, and we use them as a compass in our everyday work. Run through walls, together Our industry is stuck in the status quo. But Kin is different. We are challengers. Innovators unwavering in our mission to fix insurance for those who need it most. We are changing insurance for good. We roll up our sleeves, take action, and get “impossible” things done every day with grit and teamwork. Raise the bar. Drop the ego. Attitudes are contagious. Every one of us is responsible for creating the culture we want to work in. High performance. Low drama. Always respectful. Like professional sports teams, we win by working in sync. We show up, work hard, and play to each other’s strengths. Act like an owner We are more than employees. We are owners, fully accountable for achieving Kin’s mission. That requires positive, proactive, big-picture thinking well beyond our job descriptions. Ask questions, Take ownership. Do the right thing, even when it‘s hard. Because when Kin thrives, so do you. And so do our customers. Operate Lean. Deliver More. We build efficiency into everything we do. Each dollar we save gets reinvested to deliver more to our customers: better pricing, more products, and new innovations. We work smarter by relentlessly prioritizing and using technology, including AI, to multiply our impact. Lean is about focus, not deprivation. Lean isn't a limitation – it's our competitive advantage. Keep asking ‘What if?’ We value curiosity. To make insurance better for our customers, we experiment. We embrace insights. And we base decisions on data rather than assumptions. We see setbacks as opportunities for growth and are always learning and improving. Both individually and as a company. Ready to make an impact? At Kin, we run through walls, do the hard things together, and embrace change. Our unique teams work hard and support each other through every new challenge to achieve our mission. If you're looking for an opportunity to grow with a diverse group of innovators, check out our open roles and create the future with us! Recruitment scams unaffiliated with Kin are utilizing our company brand to to attempt to collect sensitive information from potential victims. These scams may use our logos, job postings, and fake email aliases. During the application process, we will never request money or bank or credit card information. Additionally, we will never extend a job offer prior to completing the interview process. All legitimate job opportunities are posted on the Kin careers site. If you have any questions whether a job advertisement or solicitation is a legitimate Kin job opening, please email us. opens in new window to an article about Kin Insurance opens in new window to an article about Kin Insurance opens in new window to an article about Kin Insurance