Kin - Affordable home insurance made easy Kin. Get a quote Affordable home insurance made easy Get a quick quote to see what you can save. Top-rated insurance trusted by 200,000+ customers Trustpilot Excellent Better Business Bureau A+ Rating Why you’ll love Kin Affordable Get the protection you need at a price that makes sense for you. Easy Get covered in just a few clicks with a quick quote process. Top-rated service We’re self-serve, but our friendly agents are here to help! Thousands of 5-star reviews Here’s what our customers are saying. 4.9/5 Based on 6201+ reviews 4.7/5 Based on 7207+ reviews 4.7/5 Based on 883+ reviews "If I could rate Kin Insurance 10 stars I would. Their cost is pretty competitive. But far more importantly, is the service." Alex B. Google "I had my entire house flood due to washing machine failure. Kin was extremely helpful and so pleasurable to work with." Denita S. Google "When other Insurance Companies are failing Florida Residents, this company hits a home run!" Sue M. Google "The process to switch to KIN was quick and easy and I saved 25%." Tim E. Trustpilot The opinions expressed belong solely to individual reviewers and do not reflect the opinions of the Kin Insurance, Inc. group of companies or affiliates. Reviews may be from customers in any state where Kin operates and are for informational purposes only. Read more reviews 13 states and counting We currently offer coverage in the following states – with more on the way. Alabama Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Louisiana Mississippi Missouri South Carolina Tennessee Texas Virginia View all states Products we offer Home insurance Comprehensive protection for your home and permanent structures on your property Mobile home insurance Specialized protection for mobile and manufactured homes Condo insurance Walls-in coverage designed to protect your unit's interior, including your personal items Flood insurance Easy-to-add flood coverage without the hassle of buying a separate policy Second home insurance Customizable coverage for your seasonal or vacation home Landlord insurance Investment property protection for owners who rent out short- and long-term Frequently asked questions about Kin How long does it take to get a home insurance quote? On average, it takes less than three minutes to generate a personalized home insurance quote online with Kin. It’s fast, easy, and you’ll be able to customize coverage limits, endorsements, and deductibles to balance the protection you need with a price that’s right for you. Prefer to work with a licensed agent? Get connected by chat , email , or over the phone . Can I switch my existing insurance through Kin? Yes, and we can help. Most insurance companies allow you to cancel your current policy at any time and will issue you a refund . Just enter your property address or call us to get started. What mortgage lenders accept policies offered by Kin? The policies we offer are accepted by most major mortgage lenders . Our carrier partners have earned a Financial Stability Rating® (FSR) of A, Exceptional from Demotech, Inc. — so whether you’re buying a new home or insuring a property you already own, you can rest assured your policy will have you covered. The most current Financial Stability Rating® must be verified by visiting www.demotech.com. Can I speak with a licensed insurance agent? We know how important it can be to speak with a human instead of a robot, so our licensed agents are available to answer your insurance questions and help you find the right coverage Monday through Saturday over the phone , email , or chat . We're happy to help you get a quote or manage your existing policy. For claims, we’re available online or by phone 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year. Can I manage my policy online? The Kin Customer Portal makes it easy to view your policy, payment history, and other documents at any time. Customers can also submit and download policy documents, update payment methods, make payments, and track claims. How do I file a claim? We’re here for you when disaster strikes. Claims can be filed online or over the phone with a Kin customer support representative. Our team is here to support you 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year. Once your claim is filed, you can track its progress at any time in the Kin Customer Portal. Get more answers How to compare home insurance quotes in 3 easy steps Read more > How much homeowners insurance do I need? Read more > What does home insurance cover? Read more > Start saving on your home insurance Get a quote online or call one of our agents at 855-717-0022