Kin Insurance Claims Center | Help & support for your claim Kin. Get a quote Claims Center Report your claim Need to report a claim? From small losses to game-changing disasters, we're here to support you through the claims process. If you experience a loss, report your claim by: Filing online . Logging in to your customer portal . (See our Help Center article for step-by-step instructions .) Calling 866-204-2219. The process is designed from start to finish to resolve your claims quickly and accurately. Here's how it works. 1. Reporting your claim You want to report your claim as soon as possible. In fact, the reporting options mentioned above are available 24/7. You should also: Record the damages. Submit photos and documentation of the damages. Take steps to prevent additional damage. If your loss is still in progress (e.g., a water leak), the claims team can assist you with mitigation services. 2. Meeting your claims specialist Your carrier will assign a claims specialist to help with your claim and contact you within 24 hours (but usually within minutes). This person will: Assist you throughout the claims process and provide information on next steps. Help if you need payment assistance (e.g., for additional living expenses). 3. Inspecting & evaluating your claim Your claims specialist evaluates your claim and gathers facts about the cause and amount of damage. The evaluation will likely include an inspection of the damages. Depending on the specifics of your claim, the inspection may be conducted at your home or virtually. You may be asked to submit additional documents, an inventory of damaged property, or other information. Keep receipts for temporary repairs, additional living expenses, or other claim-related costs. 4. Determining applicable coverage Your claims specialist prepares an estimate of damages and reviews the claims evaluation findings, and reviews your insurance policy. Once complete, they will explain your available coverage. 5. Getting your payment & starting repairs Your claims specialist can now issue payments based on the terms of your policy. You can choose to receive your funds by: Direct deposit. A printable electronic check. A mailed check. Note: If you have a mortgage, your lender may have the right to be included as a payee. If a contractor asked you to sign a “direction to pay,” we may be required to pay the contractor directly. 6. Congratulations! Your claim is done Your claim is now resolved, but we’re always here to help you keep your home safe. If you or your contractor discover additional damages , contact us immediately so we can help. Know your rights Many states have documents that outline your rights in a claim as a homeowner. (This is good information to review before you have a claim!) Alabama Florida Mississippi Texas Help fight insurance fraud After a major disaster, the potential for scams is high. For example, you may receive unsolicited visits from contractors looking to game the system. As a rule, if you didn’t request these visits, send them on their way. If you think insurance fraud has been or is being committed, call the NICB hotline at 1-800-835-6422 or text "FRAUD" and your tip to 847411. Tips can be anonymous. Related Posts: Claims FAQs Previous Post Displaying post 1 / 3 Next Post