About us Download the app Menu EBT balance checking Start checking Exclusive savings Explore offers Benefits updates Stay informed Security benefits Protect your EBT What you need to know about SNAP now that the shutdown is over Read more Resources Blog State guides EBT theft help Company About us Careers Partners User insights EBT theft insights Shutdown relief fund Contact Us Propel's mission: To build technology that strengthens the social safety net in America. We envision a future where every American has the tools and resources they need to thrive. Financial volatility is a fact of life. And when people face financial hardship, they’re met with tools that are outdated, broken, and hard to navigate. We founded Propel to build technology that makes people’s government benefits better, at the speed and scale they deserve. And years later, that’s still our mission. We spend every single day championing the people we serve, filling gaps when the safety net falls short, and using the power of technology to solve real life problems, right now. Make a difference with us If you're passionate about using technology for good and solving challenging, ambiguous problems in creative ways, get in touch. Careers at Propel Our leadership Jimmy Chen CEO, Co-Founder Jeff Kaiser COO Co-Founder Ram Mehta CPO, Co-Founder Stacy Taylor VP, Policy Karin Tsai VP, Engineering Jane Jaxon VP, People Amar Shah GM, Marketplace Our partners Our investors Real insights from real users At Propel, we’re always learning from our users. Our surveys reach millions of users nationwide, gaining valuable feedback on how users are feeling, what they need, and how policy & economic changes affect their daily lives. We use these insights to make Propel better—but they also provide valuable insight to policymakers working hard to improve state and federal benefits programs. See insights. Join millions of Americans who use Propel to make their benefits easier. Download the free app EBT balance checking Start checking Exclusive savings Explore offers Benefits updates Stay informed Security benefits Protect your EBT