Careers Download the app Menu EBT balance checking Start checking Exclusive savings Explore offers Benefits updates Stay informed Security benefits Protect your EBT What you need to know about SNAP now that the shutdown is over Read more Resources Blog State guides EBT theft help Company About us Careers Partners User insights EBT theft insights Shutdown relief fund Contact Us Make a difference with us If you're passionate about using technology for good and solving challenging, ambiguous problems in creative ways, get in touch. See jobs Some of our amazing Propel users (with their permission!). Solve real problems for real people Technology for all #technology-for-all We believe everyone deserves access to user-friendly technology that improves lives. We empower low-income Americans by simplifying the complexities of America’s safety net and identify other opportunities to strengthen their financial well-being. We're not just building a product: we're helping pave the way for a more inclusive tech landscape. Unique challenges, rewarding impact #unique-challenges-rewarding-impact We’re building a large, sustainable, and profitable company. Achieving our mission is intrinsically linked to the success of our business. And there’s no playbook for this. But at Propel, we’re leading the charge, and our team of thoughtful, creative builders are comfortable with uncertainty and up for the challenge. Justice, equity, diversity, and inclusivity Building a diverse team isn't just the right thing to do: it's essential. We’re actively working to ensure fair and equitable processes for everyone—from hiring and compensation decisions to growth and promotion opportunities. We're a growing company, and achieving a representative team takes time. We recognize that the tech industry hasn't always excelled at inclusivity, so we're committed to doing better by building a team that reflects the diversity of our users. Our values Mission-driven excellence We aim for quality in our craft, because our mission—and our users—deserve nothing less. Progress over perfection We believe in the power of small improvements that build over time. We take pride in progress. Listen first We approach our work with humility and admit that there's a lot we don't know. Propel each other We win and learn as a team. We grow by pushing each other to do our best work. Our team Team members have the opportunity to do what they love while making a social impact. We’re a team of smart, motivated, and caring people. See jobs Benefits & perks Competitive compensation We offer total compensation packages that include cash, equity, and benefits. Our salary bands target the 75th percentile of the market. Remote-first Team members work remotely across the US. We also have offices in Brooklyn, Salt Lake City, and San Francisco. We bring everyone together once or twice a year. Generous benefits We cover up to 99% of the premium for medical, dental, and vision. We also have 16-week parental leave, 20 vacation days, and 401k matching eligibility on day 1. Interested in what we do? Join us On any given day at Propel I could find myself talking to: banking partners about new payment rails, users about new credit extending features, and other Propellers about rare stone fruits. It's the type of dynamism that keeps you coming back for more! Khadija Hassanali Product Manager, Debit I have greatly valued my work on our Earn Extra survey program. We have integrated the voice of our customers with developers, designers, and engineers, providing quick accessible dollars in pockets to our users. Heather Kester Partner Support Associate Together, we've built a culture that’s welcoming, affirming, and forward-thinking, and I’ve seen firsthand how this teamwork has led to better outcomes for our users and the company as a whole. The support and shared vision from other teams make it a joy to work together and achieve our goals. Roberto Lopez CX Manager There are so many systemic barriers stacked against the users Propel supports, anything we can do to help relieve the mental burden of managing finances is so valued. Ruthie Berman Engineering Manager