Propel | Your benefits, made easier Download the app Menu EBT balance checking Start checking Exclusive savings Explore offers Benefits updates Stay informed Security benefits Protect your EBT What you need to know about SNAP now that the shutdown is over Read more Resources Blog State guides EBT theft help Company About us Careers Partners User insights EBT theft insights Shutdown relief fund Contact Us 900,000+ 5-star ratings Your benefits, made easier. The simplest way to check your EBT balance, save money, and much more. Download the free app 5+ million users Top-tier security Benefits updates Exclusive savings Grocery deals Local jobs Deposit alerts 5+ million users Top-tier security Benefits updates Exclusive savings Grocery deals Local jobs Deposit alerts 5+ million users Top-tier security Benefits updates Exclusive savings Grocery deals Local jobs Deposit alerts See how Propel supported SNAP families during the shutdown Check your EBT balance instantly See your EBT balance within seconds, wherever or whenever you want. Learn more Download the free app Save money with valuable offers Save big on everyday essentials like groceries, phone plans, and more. Learn more Download the free app Stay up to date with your benefits Get simple, straightforward alerts about your benefits so you’re always informed. Learn more Download the free app Protect your EBT balance Keep your benefits safe with top-tier security features like EBT card locking. Learn more Download the free app America’s #1 EBT app Download the app with nearly 1M 5-star reviews. “I love this app! Super supportive and it gives really good content — grocery savers, coupons, services, and job opportunities. Totally recommend.” : “So much faster and more helpful than the state benefits app! Plus you get grocery, phone, and health discounts, job listings, EBT map, recipes, and more.” : “I absolutely hate dealing with an automated system. The app has a lot of information in it, suggested deals and discounts, and available assistance you may qualify for. I love this app.” : “Propel is a must-have app. It’s even better now — you can lock your card when you’re not using it so your benefits can’t be stolen.” : “For me, it’s been the best security for SNAP safety. It’s my safety net. Thanks, Propel.” : “In love with the app — always shows me how much I’ve got left and where I spent it. It comes in handy when I don’t have a receipt to look at.” : “I love this app. It really helps me control my benefits and keeps me up-to-date with all the updates in the SNAP and WIC community.” : “It helps keep my card safe. I had $550 in stamps stolen once, but now I can lock it and block out-of-state or online spending. I finally feel protected from scams.” : Join millions of Americans who use Propel to make their benefits easier. Download the free app Building technology that strengthens the social safety net. For the last 10 years, we’ve been building best-in-class technology for people who receive government benefits. Learn more about our company. FAQ How does the Propel app work? Propel connects to your state's portal with your permission. Then, Propel gathers your EBT balance and transaction history, makes it easier to read, and displays it in the app. This means you don't need to call a 1-800 number or log in to a state website. The app also helps you manage your benefits with: Deposit predictions , so you know when your next payment is coming Clear transaction details , including store names and online purchases Security features , like fraud monitoring and out-of-state transaction blocking Is the Propel app free? Yes! The Propel app is completely free to use. Does the Propel app work in all states? Propel supports EBT programs in 52 states and territories, including SNAP and Summer EBT. It works in every U.S. state except Iowa and Montana and is also available in Washington D.C., Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Guam. How does the Propel app make money? We make money through advertising, but we’re selective about what we promote. Most offers are free or discounted services only available to EBT cardholders—like free phones, discounted internet, and grocery savings at major retailers. What else does the Propel app offer? The Propel app is more than just balance checking—here are some of our additional features: EBT security features, like suspicious activity monitoring & out of state transaction blocking Easy-to-understand updates about changes to policy or benefits programs, so you’re always in the loop Exclusive offers & discounts on groceries, utilities, and phone & internet bills Job & gig opportunities that fit your schedule Download the free app EBT balance checking Start checking Exclusive savings Explore offers Benefits updates Stay informed Security benefits Protect your EBT