Ad solutions Download the app Menu EBT balance checking Start checking Exclusive savings Explore offers Benefits updates Stay informed Security benefits Protect your EBT What you need to know about SNAP now that the shutdown is over Read more Resources Blog State guides EBT theft help Company About us Careers Partners User insights EBT theft insights Shutdown relief fund Contact Us Reach more than 5 million highly-active users with Propel We're the #1 app for reaching low-income Americans. Get in touch Engage with users who receive government benefits Top brands use Propel to market to lower-income families across the country. 1 in 4 SNAP households use Propel 80M+ monthly app visits $34B spent by Propel users on EBT in 2023 $114B+ total EBT grocery spend in 2022 Get in front of millions of savings-driven consumers If you want to reach Americans who receive government benefits, you’re in the right place. Leverage Propel’s best-in-class mobile app to connect with households that receive SNAP, WIC, Medicare, and Medicaid. Propel serves users highly relevant and contextual information about their public benefits—unlike general media channels. Get in touch to see how your brand can make the most of Propel. Learn more Propel users, at a glance Propel’s users are racially and ethnically diverse, heads of household, and making the buying decisions for their families. 5 million women 1 million Medicare-eligible 4 million Medicaid-eligible 845K Hispanic-identifying 2.3 million SSI & SSDI-eligible Some of the industries that see the biggest returns 1 Healthcare Boost enrollments and retention 2 Grocery Engage with SNAP shoppers 3 Telecomms Promote affordable home internet 4 Utilities Drive energy efficiency Mission-driven. Measurable impact. Strengthened by partnerships, Propel aims to improve the lives of millions of low-income families. Leverage our team’s expertise to drive your business goals. Online sales Lead generation Brand awareness App installs Your target audience is on Propel Talk to our partnerships team to build your custom advertising plan.