About Us | At-Bay Helping businesses thrive in the digital world. Whatever comes their way. Building the new Operating System for Insurance since 2016 Today, every company is a digital company, reliant on technology and software to thrive and grow. This has put businesses of every size in the crosshairs of cyber criminals. Even a single incident could be catastrophic, especially for small businesses. Traditional approaches to cyber risk were failing businesses and we knew there had to be a better way. One that’s good for our insureds and our bottom line. We designed At-Bay from the ground up to help businesses meet digital risk head on. By combining world-class technology with industry-leading insurance and cyber security expertise, we’re empowering every business, big or small, to understand and manage risk, so they can prevent attacks even before they happen. We make your digital world safer by addressing risk differently. We question, analyze, and monitor the risk of the Cyber and Tech E+O policyholders in our portfolio—not just once, but regularly—so we can educate and advise insureds and brokers throughout our partnership. Real results. Real impact. 01 35,000+ policyholders in 100+ industries 02 Safeguarding over $800B in revenue 03 93 NPS score for our Broker Platform 04 340+ At-Bayers 05 6 offices globally 06 $295.7M in total funding At-Bay in the news Read what leading analysts, industry experts and the media are saying about At-Bay. Visit the newsroom Press Release At-Bay Releases Annual Ranking of Email Security Solutions: Google Workspace and Mimecast Top Categories Read more Press Release CrowdStrike and At-Bay Join Forces to Boost Cyber Resilience Among SMBs Read more Press Release At-Bay Research Reveals Remote Access Behind 58% of Ransomware Attacks in 2023 Read more Press Release At-Bay Releases Annual Ranking of Email Security Solutions: Google Workspace and Mimecast Top Categories Read more Press Release CrowdStrike and At-Bay Join Forces to Boost Cyber Resilience Among SMBs Read more Press Release At-Bay Research Reveals Remote Access Behind 58% of Ransomware Attacks in 2023 Read more The At-Bay Team Technology meets insurance. Category: Executive Team Underwriting Claims Security Technology Rotem Iram Co-founder & CEO Roman Itskovich Co-founder & Chief Risk Officer Ken Riegler President, At-Bay Insurance Ari Fischel Chief Financial Officer Ayelet Kutner Chief Technology Officer Tara Bodden General Counsel & Head of Claims Thom Dekens Chief Business Officer and General Manager, At-Bay Security Joe Schiro Chief HR Officer Ken Riegler President, At-Bay Insurance Michael Drummond Chief Underwriting Officer, Cyber and Tech E&O Scott Gold Head of Field Ryan Aussicker Head of Middle Market Underwriting Emma Ye VP of Risk Jeff Lai VP, Partnerships & Digital Distribution Tal Arazi Director of Cyber Product & Underwriting, Israel Philip Iordanou Head of Professional Liability Tara Bodden General Counsel & Head of Claims Eva Kwan VP, Claims Julia Verdi AVP, Claims & Head of Claims Education Laura Hawkins AVP, Claims Dana Cuoco AVP, Claims Thom Dekens Chief Business Officer and General Manager, At-Bay Security Adam Tyra Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) for Customers Larry Crocker Head of Digital Forensics and Incident Response Travis Mercier Head of Managed Detection and Response Almog Shunim VP of Data & Research Benny Shlesinger VP of Cyber Technology Meital Kushnir VP of Core Product Management Sagi Golan VP of R&D The Company We Keep Investors Where to find us With offices across the United States and R&D in Tel Aviv, we provide businesses with a world of safety and security. United States New York 220 5th Ave, 8th Floor New York, NY 10001 San Francisco 1 Post Street, 14th Floor San Francisco, CA 94104 Chicago 211 W Wacker Dr, Suite 900D Chicago, IL 60606 Mountain View 701 Villa Street Mountain View, CA 94041 Atlanta 3500 Lenox Road, Suite 1425 Atlanta, GA 30326 Los Angeles Remote-first team Israel Tel Aviv Derech Menachem Begin 121, Azrieli Sarona, Floors 44-45 Tel Aviv-Yafo, Israel 6701203 Help us reinvent insurance View job openings