Broker Resource Hub | At-Bay At-Bay Broker Resource Hub Access specimen forms, appetite guides, case studies, and more. InsurSec Packages Our new InsurSec packages combine insurance and security to unlock enhanced ransomware and financial fraud coverage for your clients. View packages About At-Bay Stance Our InsurSec approach integrates in-house technical cybersecurity expertise with innovative insurance products to create a proactive, end-to-end risk management solution. Learn more Appetite Guides We cover businesses up to $5B in revenue with up to $10M in limits on a primary and excess basis for Cyber and Tech E&O. View our appetite guides. View now Specimen Forms View At-Bay’s specimen forms. View now Applications Access our applications. View now Underwriting Team Seasoned insurance leadership has 100+ years’ combined experience in specialty financial lines. Meet the team Claims Team In-house claims team comprised of industry experts laser focused on service. Meet the team Claims Case Studies Explore our collection of in-depth claims case studies, showcasing real customer scenarios and solutions. View case studies Preferred Cyber Response Partners We partner with industry leaders to create a response plan designed specifically for your client’s company. View panel partners Factsheets and Sales Tools Find collateral to help you sell At-Bay to your clients. View collateral Thought Leadership Get the latest research and insights from At-Bay. Explore now Broker Platform Get quotes in minutes, customize and bind online, and collaborate with your team to manage policies efficiently. Log in Broker Webinars Watch our collection of educational webinars designed for brokers. View webinars Policyholder Webinars Watch our collection of educational webinars for At-Bay Stance customers. View webinars About At-Bay By combining world-class technology with industry-leading insurance and cyber security expertise, we’re empowering every business, big or small, to understand and manage risk, so they can prevent attacks even before they happen. Learn more Learn more about Stance with a Broker Briefing Learn more about the estimated up to $72,000 worth of security offerings included with the Embedded Security Fee from an At-Bay Advisor.* Book now Send us your submissions Email your submissions to underwriting@at-bay.com or get automatic quotes on At-Bay's Broker Platform. Email your submissions Log in to Broker Platform *Estimated value of At-Bay’s Stance is based on At-Bay’s market assessment. At-Bay Stance should not be considered a replacement for a comprehensive exposure management solution or a standalone cyber security solution. Please consult with an IT professional for additional guidance. Eligibility, rules, and limitations will vary.