Cyber Insurance Jobs & Career Opportunities at At-Bay Careers + Culture Take insurance to a whole new place. And your career with it. Explore positions Professions with purpose At At-Bay, we’re blending insurance, security, and technology to become the InsurSec provider for the digital age. And we’re looking for people to take that big step with us. We provide global career opportunities and outstanding benefits—all within a supportive culture of teamwork, ownership, innovation, ambition, and fun. View Jobs Life @ At-Bay Every day, we empower At-Bayers to embrace creativity and explore new opportunities. All hands at our 2023 company retreat. A day in our Tel Aviv office. Yoga break at our 2022 company retreat in Mexico. A shot from At-Bay's Inaugural Executive Forum. All smiles at our 2023 company retreat in Barcelona. New hires love their At-Bay backpacks! How we do it 01 340+ At-Bayers 02 Over 50% under-represented minorities 03 120% employee growth in 2 years 04 4,750 birthday cupcakes sent last year 05 6 offices globally 06 50+ office dogs We’re proud to be recognized as a great place to work Our success is shaped by shared values Good people What can we say, we’re all mensches. We are a diverse team of good people—genuine and humble. With care, we tell it like it is, assume good intent and celebrate others. Drive for impact To achieve our ambitious mission, we are relentlessly focused on impact. With context, data, and a voracious drive, we take ownership as we pursue the unprecedented. Act with Integrity We have a great responsibility and we take that seriously. We are honorable and honest, take accountability for our actions and embrace learning along the way. Better Together At-Bay combines industries and expertise with openness and curiosity. By optimizing for our collective goal and acting in service of others we keep digital risk at bay. Good people What can we say, we’re all mensches. We are a diverse team of good people—genuine and humble. With care, we tell it like it is, assume good intent and celebrate others. Drive for impact To achieve our ambitious mission, we are relentlessly focused on impact. With context, data, and a voracious drive, we take ownership as we pursue the unprecedented. Act with Integrity We have a great responsibility and we take that seriously. We are honorable and honest, take accountability for our actions and embrace learning along the way. Better Together At-Bay combines industries and expertise with openness and curiosity. By optimizing for our collective goal and acting in service of others we keep digital risk at bay. Benefits that offer total coverage Medical/private health insurance 401K with employer match or retirement plan Hybrid or flexible remote work Paid parental leave Fitness benefits Learning & development 20 days paid vacation and 2 floating holidays Quarterly wellness days Monthly happy hour, team outings & events New hire stipend In-office lunches and meal budget Company retreat What's it like inside a cutting-edge InsurTech?* Hear from the At-Bay team What stood out to you about At-Bay? “I heard about At-Bay from a former colleague that joined the company. I've always enjoyed working at growth companies so I knew culturally this would be a strong match. What caught my attention was its continued growth in premium, expansion of insurance offerings and the upside to be part of something special.” Gladys Arzola Vice President & Controller NEW YORK What is your favorite At-Bay memory? "As a remote worker for the past two years, my favorite At-Bay memory is attending a team retreat. This experience allowed me to connect with my coworkers in person, gain a deeper understanding of the company's structure and vision, and build meaningful relationships. It reinforced the sense of community that At-Bay fosters, even for remote employees." Evelyn Lai Actuarial Analyst II, Pricing REMOTE (ILLINOIS) What advice do you have for candidates in the recruiting process? "Be authentic in showcasing not only your qualifications but also the qualities that make you someone we would enjoy working with." Asaf Liberman R&D Team Lead TEL AVIV What advice do you have for candidates in the recruiting process? “Don't be afraid to humbly brag about your accomplishments! We truly want to know what you achieved and how you made it happen. Being specific and supporting your answers with examples will definitely help.” Brianna French Underwriting Technician Regional Lead ATLANTA Why did you choose At-Bay? "I chose At-Bay because I wanted to challenge myself to underwrite a new product at a growing company. Previously I’d only underwritten Professional Liability, but I have found that so much of my knowledge was transferable." Trisha Reyes AVP, Professional Liability Product Lead NEW YORK What’s one industry trend you’re excited about and why? “Most small to medium-sized businesses do not focus on security and are therefore vulnerable to a security incident. By combining cybersecurity expertise with our insurance offerings we work with policyholders to detect and prevent cyber risk.” Libby Baugher Senior Cyber Analyst, DFIR REMOTE (ILLINOIS) Join the Team Want to be part of a diverse, inclusive environment that fosters both professional and personal growth? We look forward to hearing from you. Department All Departments Office All Offices Sorry, there are no open jobs at the moment *Thank you to At-Bay employees Dorin Cohen, Gal Marko, and Tzach Benaish for showcasing our Israel team in this video. From Forbes. © 2024 Forbes Media LLC. All rights reserved. Used under license.