At-Bay: Cyber Insurance & MDR Security Platform | Proactive Protection Finally, a Security Platform with Skin in the Game Enterprise-grade security* and industry-leading insurance for total cyber risk protection Book a Demo Explore the platform InsurSec: The Only Complete Solution for Cyber Risk At-Bay Stance 1 is purpose-built to protect your whole IT environment, powered by incident insights from our 40,000+ insureds. At-Bay insurance shields you from financial fallout and keeps your business moving forward. Security and insurance working together. That’s how cyber protection should be. That’s InsurSec. See Packages UNIFIED SECURITY Detect, Prevent, and Respond to Cyber Threats — Before They Hit Book a Demo Stance Platform Proactive Security at Your Fingertips Vulnerability scanning, dark web monitoring, AI-powered email fraud alerts, vCISO advisors, and employee security and awareness training, all in one place. See the At-Bay Stance platform stance mdr End-to-End Managed Security, 24/7/365 Enterprise-grade Managed Detection and Response (MDR), including around-the-clock threat monitoring, rapid response, and full remediation for maximum protection without the homework. Learn about At-Bay MDR Security That Speaks for Itself 40,000+ Policyholders Protected $60B Risk Under Management 1.5 million Monitored Assets 15 minutes Mean Time to Remediate a Threat Trusted by Customers Like You “With At-Bay MDR, we don’t have to triage alerts, tune detection and response tools, or assign remediation tasks — they handle Security Operations end-to-end . My team can stay focused on our core business instead of wading through noise and compliance.” Chris White Chief Operating Officer, Gradient Security TESTIMONIAL At-Bay’s Tabletop Exercise Exposes Capability Shortfalls, Driving Significant Improvements in Security Readiness CASE STUDY Read More “We were fully onboarded quickly, with no disruption to existing IT and security work. There was no complex setup or internal playbooks required. At-Bay MDR just started protecting us. ” Ben Beeson Chief Executive Officer, Galahad Risk Advisors TESTIMONIAL At-Bay’s Vulnerability Assessment Identifies and Prioritizes 700+ Vulnerabilities, Enhancing Cyber Resilience CASE STUDY Read More “ The overall experience with At-Bay MDR has been nothing short of excellent. Their solution gives us the protection we require, and their support team is always there when we need them.” Chief Technology Officer AI InsurTech TESTIMONIAL At-Bay Helps Ransomware Victim Resume Operations in 4 Days and Avoid Ransom Payment Read More INSURSEC PACKAGES BUILT FOR MODERN RISK Security So Good We’re Willing to Bet on It At-Bay security solutions* can unlock business-saving cyber insurance enhancements Book a Consultation For Brokers CORE Foundational Cyber Protection What’s Included: Cyber Insurance Vulnerability Monitoring vCISO Advisory/Tabletops Email Fraud Security Security Awareness Training At-Bay Policyholder Insurance Enhancement: Up to $500K Financial Fraud Limit with Fraud Defense 2 PREMIUM CREDIT AVAILABLE 3 ADVANCED Enhanced Ransomware Protection Everything in Core, plus: MDR for Endpoint 1 Enterprise-Grade EDR 24/7 Expert Monitoring At-Bay Policyholder Insurance Enhancements: Reduced Ransomware Retention and Waiting Periods 4 Automatic Flat Renewal PREMIUM CREDIT AVAILABLE 3 COMPLETE Ransomware & Financial Fraud Protection Everything in Advanced, plus: MDR for Email 1 Next-Gen ICES Email Security 24/7 Expert Monitoring At-Bay Policyholder Insurance Enhancements: Improved Financial Fraud Retention and Sub-Limits 2 *Stance MDR is an optional service available for purchase from At-Bay’s security affiliate, is not a requirement for insurance coverage through At-Bay, and is not limited to At-Bay policyholders. Explore At-Bay Stance MDR Schedule a Demo *At-Bay Security, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of At-Bay, Inc., providing cybersecurity services including MDR and incident response. At-Bay Security, LLC does not provide insurance services. 1 Access to At-Bay Stance is available to policyholders via the Embedded Security Fee and Endorsement. Refer to the policy form for additional information. At-Bay Stance MDR is provided by and available for purchase separately through At-Bay Security, LLC ("At-Bay Security"), a wholly owned subsidiary of At-Bay, Inc. Stance MDR is not required for insurance coverage through At-Bay, and it is not limited to At-Bay policyholders. Similar credits and enhancements available for comparable solutions. 2 For financial fraud arising from certain causes; see policy for details. 3 Qualified policyholders who implement an approved MDR solution may be eligible for a premium credit. Please contact your authorized insurance representative for additional information concerning potential cost savings. Any premium savings will be based on the specific risk profile of the business. 4 The availability of this and all coverage enhancements listed in this document will be based on the specific risk profile of the business and subject to qualifying conditions.