Company | Figure Figure is the first-of-its-kind AI robotics company bringing a general purpose humanoid to life. Watch the Video FIGURE 01 BEGINNINGS F.01, our first generation robot, took its first steps in May 2023, laying the foundation for our humanoid robot’s future. FIGURE 02 FIGURE IN THE WORKFORCE With F.02, we streamlined the design, advancing hand dexterity, integrating the battery into the torso, and creating a more compact, refined build—ready for real-world deployment. FIGURE 03 FIGURE AT HOME After testing Figure in the workforce, F.03 was reimagined for home use. This version introduced numerous improvements, including a softer look and feel to better suit everyday living environments. OUR VALUES Move Fast & Be Technically Fearless Hesitation is the enemy of momentum. We are tackling today’s most complex technological challenges by testing, experimenting, and taking calculated risks to embrace the unknown without fear of failure. Product First, Mission Focused Our product and our mission are one in the same: to bring a commercially viable humanoid to market. We are builders, designers, and engineers united by a commitment to that mission. We avoid distraction and unrelated activities to remain laser-focused on shipping a safe, high quality product. Aggressively Optimistic Building Figure won’t be an easy win; it will require decades of commitment and ingenuity. We’re humbled by our mission, and aspire to remain optimistic even in the face of enormous hurdles. Maximize Future Impact We have what it takes to build the most groundbreaking company on the planet—to create an inspiring future for generations to come with safer, more efficient workplaces and homes that adapt to our needs. Our focus is on what we can achieve 5, 10, 20+ years from now, not the near-term wins. Championship Mindset To address the extraordinary demands of our work, we believe in operating as a winning team. We are in the trenches together, collaborating in person, remaining hyper-focused, and pushing each other to the highest levels of performance. DIVE DEEPER INTO OUR CULTURE What’s on your mind? We’ll get back to you as soon as possible.