About Us Contact Careers Academic Program About us Built by AI Experts Developed by AI experts from the University of Cambridge, Luminance’s Legal-Grade™ AI automates and augments every touchpoint a business has with its contracts. Today, more than 1,000 organizations across 70 countries use Luminance, including all of the Big Four consultancy firms, over a quarter of the Global Top 100 law firms, and global companies such as AMD, BBC Studios, Hitachi, Liberty Mutual and Koch Industries. In early 2025, Luminance raised $75 million in Series C funding. The company has been featured in Forbes’ AI 50 List, Inc. 5000 Fastest-Growing Companies in America, and was named Best AI Product for Legal at the CogX Awards. Backed by World-Leading Investors Meet the Team Executive Team Board of Directors Security Advisory Board Eleanor Lightbody READ BIO Eleanor is Chief Executive Officer at Luminance. Previously a Director at leading cyber AI company Darktrace, she founded and grew the company’s operations in Africa before serving as the Global Head of the Darktrace Industrial Division. A seasoned leader in scaling high-growth technology businesses, Eleanor has driven Luminance’s global expansion and led the company’s $75 million Series C funding round in 2025. She was named in Management Today’s ‘35 Women under 35’ and the Financial Times’ ‘Ones to Watch’ list, and serves on Luminance’s Board of Directors. Daniel Lumby READ BIO Daniel is Chief Operating Officer at Luminance, where he oversees a broad range of responsibilities including helping to drive business growth, developing go-to-market strategy, and implementing effective internal processes. Daniel spent eight years at the global financial institution Macquarie Group, initially in M&A and capital markets advisory, then as Vice President in the Principal Finance division, making investments from Macquarie’s balance sheet into companies across sectors including software and technology. He has a combined honours degree in Economics and Spanish from Durham University. Adam Guthrie READ BIO Adam Guthrie is the Co-Founder and Chief Technical Architect at Luminance, he leads the customer-focused technical aspects of the company. He has over 17 years’ experience in software engineering, having led product development at a series of start-ups and scale-ups including Aurasma and Neurence, applying advanced AI and machine learning techniques to solve real-world problems. He holds an MA in Mathematics from the University of Cambridge. Dr Graham Sills READ BIO Graham is the Co-Founder and Director of AI at Luminance, where he runs the R&D team and develops the AI underlying Luminance’s capabilities, applying a Mixture of Experts approach to ensure the platform harnesses the optimal and latest models to cater for all product needs. Graham has a PhD in Computational Number Theory from Trinity College, Cambridge. He previously worked in AI research for a global FTSE 100 company and has co-founded and built multiple start-ups, developing pioneering technologies including augmented reality applications to track and augment real-world objects. Bringing this breadth of expertise to Luminance, Graham devised the core algorithms and much of the mathematics behind the company’s unique AI. Jaeger Glucina READ BIO Jaeger is the Chief of Staff at Luminance, where she is responsible for a strategic portfolio including GTM and customer development. As one of Luminance’s first employees, Jaeger has also overseen the global sales team’s acquisition of more than 700 customers, spearheading key relationships with Global Top 100 law firms and multinational organisations. A passionate advocate for the application of AI in the legal sector, she is regularly invited to speak at industry-leading events around the world, including appearances on Sky News and advocating for AI’s place in the UK’s economic growth strategy at No. 10 Downing Street. Jaeger was included in Management Today’s ‘35 Women Under 35’ and is a qualified Barrister and Solicitor of the High Court of New Zealand, with experience in insurance litigation. Harry Borovick READ BIO Harry is the General Counsel at Luminance, where he oversees the global legal function. In addition to managing Luminance’s own legal and compliance requirements, he also works alongside the product and technical teams to advise on development and user experience. Harry trained in private practice at Mishcon de Reya, before working in a range of regulated technology businesses with a particular focus on the US and UK markets. Harry is the author of ‘AI and The Law’ and is a keen user and advocate of AI. Harry has spoken at major industry conferences, including The Economist General Counsel Summit and Legal Geek. Harry is an external lecturer on Legal Technology and AI at Queen Mary University of London and at King’s College London. Ella Hislop READ BIO Ella is VP of Product at Luminance, where she is responsible for developing the product roadmap and overseeing the implementation of Luminance’s technology. She was featured in SheCanCode’s Spotlight Series and TechWomen100 as an inspirational woman in the technology space. Prior to joining Luminance, Ella worked in Paris and completed internships at Blake Morgan and Eversheds Sutherland. She has a law degree from the University of Manchester and speaks English and French. Sean Sullivan READ BIO Sean is the Chief Revenue Officer at Luminance USA, where he is responsible for leading the go-to-market (GTM) strategy and the sales engine to ensure that Luminance meets the needs of the market, grows revenue, and successfully supports our rapidly growing customer base. Sean brings over 25 years of experience in leading sales organisations and GTM teams in knowledge management and cybersecurity companies, helping them navigate the complexities of rapidly growing entities while successfully meeting revenue and budget targets. Sean has played pivotal roles in pre-IPO and post-IPO companies as well as take-private ventures. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Zoology from The George Washington University. Clementine Fox READ BIO Clementine is the Australia General Manager for Luminance, where she is responsible for securing new business opportunities and leading the company’s continued expansion across Australia and APAC. Clementine has a wealth of experience in the AI sector, having previously worked as the Partnership Development Lead at the Alan Turing Institute and as Head of Account Management at Luminance for over two years, where she oversaw the implementation of technology for Luminance’s global customer base. Clementine has received numerous industry accolades, including winning a prestigious Women World Award and being shortlisted for ‘Rising Star of the Year’ at the UK IT Industry Awards. Clementine qualified as a Solicitor in Queensland, Australia. Martina King READ BIO Martina is the former CEO and Executive Chair of Featurespace, an AI-powered fraud and payment protection company. She led the British unicorn from its startup in 2012 through to its sale in 2024 to Visa. She has enjoyed an extensive executive career in media and technology, notably as Managing Director of augmented reality company Aurasma, and in leadership roles at Yahoo! Europe, Capital Radio, and Guardian Media Group. She has also held non-executive and non-profit roles at Capital Radio, Debenhams, Radio Advertising Bureau, and The Prince’s Trust, and as President of the London Chamber of Commerce. Her numerous accolades include being named ‘Tech Businesswoman of the Year’ at the 2024 UK Tech Awards and included in Silicon Republic’s ‘Top 40 Powerful Women in Tech’. Eleanor Lightbody READ BIO Eleanor is Chief Executive Officer at Luminance. Previously a Director at leading cyber AI company Darktrace, she founded and grew the company’s operations in Africa before serving as the Global Head of the Darktrace Industrial Division. A seasoned leader in scaling high-growth technology businesses, Eleanor has driven Luminance’s global expansion and led the company’s $75 million Series C funding round in 2025. She was named in Management Today’s ‘35 Women under 35’ and the Financial Times’ ‘Ones to Watch’ list, and serves on Luminance’s Board of Directors. Sri Chandrasekar READ BIO Sri Chandrasekar is a Managing Partner of Point72 Private Investments, the private investing business of Point72 Asset Management. He leads the firm’s investments in artificial intelligence and machine learning companies, as well as co-leading consumer investments. Sri joined Point72 from In-Q-Tel, the strategic investment arm of the CIA and the U.S. Intelligence Community. At In-Q-Tel, Sri led Lab41, an AI-focused lab that built and delivered solutions to some of the intelligence community’s toughest problems. Before Lab41, Sri led the Analytics practice at In-Q-Tel, a role in which he was responsible for setting the investment priorities for a team of technical investment professionals. Prior to In-Q-Tel, Sri spent nearly a decade designing and building communication systems for the military at BAE Systems. Andrew Kanter READ BIO Andrew Kanter has more than 20 years experience in senior leadership positions with technology companies, including as COO and General Counsel of Autonomy and as a Partner at Invoke Capital. A qualified lawyer, Andrew was previously an attorney in private practice in San Francisco and London, specialising in venture capital, international M&A and corporate finance. Andrew also served as Clerk to Hon. Christine Miller of the US Court of Federal Claims, Washington D.C. He holds a J.D. from the University of Southern California Law Center and a BA from Johns Hopkins University. Charlotte Golunski READ BIO Charlotte is a Partner and founding member of Invoke Capital, and a Co-Founder of deep learning start-up Neurence. She sits on the Board of Directors for Luminance, an Invoke portfolio company, where she is responsible for a number of strategic and communication roles. Charlotte has a degree in History from the University of Oxford. Hyun Koo READ BIO Hyun Koo is a Partner at March Capital, a leading venture growth firm based in Santa Monica with over $1.65B of capital across 4 funds, where he leads investments in B2B AI applications and vertical SaaS. At March Capital, Hyun is actively involved with portfolio companies such as Luminance, Forter, Nile, Rally, SparkCognition, Suki, and Xage. Prior to March Capital, Hyun worked at Allen & Company, where he executed M&A and equity financing transactions for Activision, Adobe, Discovery, Fox, LinkedIn, Samsung, Snap, Spotify, Twitter, and others. Hyun graduated from the University of Michigan with a BBA & BS dual degree in Finance and Mathematics. Jonathan Evans READ BIO Lord Evans was Director General of MI5 from 2007 to 2013. He spent 33 years with MI5, defending the UK against internal and domestic terrorism and cyber-threats. He was appointed to the Security Service’s Management Board as Director of International Counter Terrorism in 2001, ten days before the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center. He was appointed to the House of Lords in 2014 at the personal recommendation of the Prime Minister and sits as a cross-bench peer. Lord Evans is also a non-executive Director of HSBC Holdings and of Ark Datacentres Ltd. Jack Stockdale READ BIO Jack Stockdale is the founding CTO at Darktrace. With over 20 years’ experience of software engineering, Jack is responsible for overseeing the development of Bayesian mathematical models and artificial intelligence algorithms that underpin Darktrace’s award-winning technology. Jack and his development team in Cambridge were recognized for their outstanding contribution to engineering by the Royal Academy of Engineering MacRobert Innovation Award Committee in 2017 and again in 2019. Jack has a degree in Computer Science from Lancaster University. David Palmer READ BIO David is the former Chief Product Officer at Darktrace, where he oversaw the mathematics and engineering teams and project strategies. With over 19 years of experience at the forefront of government intelligence operations, Dave has worked across UK intelligence agencies GCHQ and MI5, where he was responsible for delivering mission-critical infrastructure services, including replacing and securing entire global networks, the development of operational internet capabilities and the management of critical disaster recovery incidents. He acts as an advisor to cyber security start-ups and growth-stage companies from the UK Government’s Cyber Security Accelerator and CyLyon. His insights on AI and the future of cyber security are also regularly featured in the UK media. He holds a first-class degree in Computer Science and Software Engineer from the University of Birmingham. Help Redefine What’s Possible with AI Our technology is changing the way businesses operate. Come build solutions that matter, alongside a team that’s as ambitious as you are. See current vacancies