Blog | Plaid Welcome to the Plaid Blog December 11, 2025 Product Updates - December 2025 Explore December's updates including improvements to pay-by-bank conversion, API access for fraud products, faster Link load times, and AI-enhanced transaction categories. Read the article December 03, 2025 Plaid’s AI-enhanced transaction categories: Smarter categorization, sharper insights Unlock deeper insights with Plaid’s AI-enhanced transaction categorization – cleaner data, richer context, and new subcategories for smarter experiences. Read the article transactions transaction data December 01, 2025 CCD2: What EU lenders need to know and how to prepare CCD2 updates EU consumer credit rules by bringing BNPL and microloans into scope and requiring verified creditworthiness checks for every loan. Learn what the directive means for lenders,... Read the article November 19, 2025 Helping community banks and credit unions bring their trusted customer experience into the digital age Community banks and credit unions play a vital role in their customers’ lives, and Plaid is helping bring that trusted experience into the digital age. By expanding access... Read the article open finance open banking November 18, 2025 Introducing one click payments: A simpler, faster way to Pay by Bank in Europe Plaid One Click, a faster, more trusted Pay by Bank experience in Europe that streamlines checkout, builds user confidence, and boosts conversion. Read the article November 18, 2025 Product Updates - November 2025 This month’s updates deliver improvements across data quality, verification workflows, analytics, and partner integrations. We’ve enhanced employer and income normalization for underwriting, added flexible controls and webhooks in... Read the article product updates November 11, 2025 EU Instant Payments Regulation: What businesses need to know Instant payments are now the European standard. With the EU’s new Instant Payments Regulation in force, every euro-denominated SEPA transaction must clear in 10 seconds, 24/7. Discover what... Read the article October 23, 2025 Plaid Investments: Leading the next era of digital investing The future of investing starts with better data Read the article October 21, 2025 Zilch unlocks new era of customer-first payments with Pay by Bank Zilch is reimagining repayments with Pay by Bank, powered by Plaid’s open banking technology. The partnership unlocks a smarter, more flexible payments experience for over five million customers. Read the article October 21, 2025 Strengthening financial freedom & competition: Plaid's submission on the CFPB's 1033 ANPR Today, Plaid submitted comments to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) on its Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPR) regarding the Personal Financial Data Rights Rule. Our message... Read the article October 20, 2025 Product Updates - October 2025 In case you missed it, we just announced a new suite of ML-powered risk scores designed to help you make faster, smarter decisions across onboarding, payments, and credit.... Read the article product updates October 15, 2025 Plaid’s Fall 2025 Product Release Learn how real-time data, network intelligence, & AI power new risk, credit, & fraud scores in our 2025 Fall Release. Read the article product launches October 15, 2025 Plaid LendScore: Unlocking insights never used before in credit scoring Introducing LendScore—a first-of-its-kind credit risk score for modern lending. Increase approvals, lower losses, and expand credit access with unique risk insights from the Plaid Network. Read the article lending October 14, 2025 Introducing Ti2: The next generation of Plaid Protect’s Trust Index Introducing Ti2, the next generation of Plaid Protect’s Trust Index. With double the training data and powerful graph-based insights, Ti2 detects 30% more fraud—spotting patterns traditional tools... Read the article October 14, 2025 Introducing Plaid Bank Intelligence: Insights for customer engagement and fraud prevention Introducing Plaid Bank Intelligence: new insights to help banks reduce churn, protect deposits, and detect fraud across the financial ecosystem. Read the article open banking