Careers at Databricks | Databricks Skip to main content Careers at Databricks See open jobs Join the team making AI breakthroughs at the world’s largest companies At Databricks, we’re innovators, builders and truthseekers. We have a proven track record as category creators. And now, we’re building data intelligence, helping the world’s largest companies use better data to build smarter AI. Over 60% of the Fortune 500 choose Databricks. Data intelligence is helping our customers solve the world’s toughest problems — including agriculture yield optimization, groundbreaking drug discovery and financial services accessibility. Why data intelligence is the future We’re growing fast — and keeping our culture As one of the fastest-growing enterprise software companies, we’re attracting the best talent in the world. Get a glimpse of what it’s like to work here, and see what makes our team so special. Watch now See all awards and recognition Find your team Administration Business Development Customer Success Engineering Field Engineering Finance IT Legal Marketing Operations People & HR Product Professional Services Recruiting Sales Security Internships & Early Career Benefits, perks and hybrid work To do your best work, your health and well-being are key. That’s why we offer great benefits and perks — including flexible ways of working. It all depends on what works best for you and your team. Check out our benefits Diversity, equity and inclusion We believe different backgrounds, perspectives and skills fuel our success. That’s why we work hard at cultivating an inclusive and supportive environment. Find out how we’re closing the pay gap, removing unconscious bias from recruitment and more. See inclusion in action Locations Headquartered in San Francisco, California, we now have over 20 offices in 12 countries. With 7,000+ employees worldwide and an ambitious growth strategy, we’re one of the fastest-growing enterprise software cloud companies. Check out our offices around the world Americas San Francisco Seattle Washington, D.C. New York City See more Europe London Amsterdam Berlin Munich See more Asia-Pacific Tokyo Singapore Seoul Hangzhou See more Opportunities for students and new graduates We’re committed to developing our next generation of Databricks leaders. That’s why we’re intentional about having our interns and new college grads play an integral role in developing our platform. Our University Recruiting Program is designed to help you make the most of your experience — from engineering hackathons and Intern Olympics to board game nights and happy hours. Explore internships and opportunities Health plan transparency in coverage (U.S. only) Feedback