Databricks: Leading Data and AI Platform for Enterprises Skip to main content AI agents trained on your business data Use Agent Bricks to build, train and deploy AI agents that work Explore the product See demos Boost GenAI ROI with AI agents Real-world examples of AI agents in action Get the eBook PLATFORM The Databricks Data Intelligence Platform Databricks brings AI to your data to help you bring AI to the world. Succeed with AI Develop generative AI applications on your data without sacrificing data privacy or control. Democratize insights Empower everyone in your organization to discover insights from your data using natural language. Drive down costs Gain efficiency and simplify complexity by unifying your approach to data, AI and governance. Explore the platform Find an event Boost GenAI ROI with AI agents Real-world examples of AI agents in action Get the eBook The Data Intelligence Platform for Dummies Accelerate ETL, data warehousing, BI and AI Get the eBook Generative AI Fundamentals Learn how to use LLMs and more in your organization with 4 short videos Start free training USE CASES Unify all your data + AI AI Governance Warehousing ETL Data sharing Orchestration Build better AI with a data-centric approach Great models are built with great data. With Databricks, lineage, quality, control and data privacy are maintained across the entire AI workflow, powering a complete set of tools to deliver any AI use case. Create, tune and deploy your own generative AI models Automate experiment tracking and governance Deploy and monitor models at scale See how Schedule demo Unify governance for data, analytics and AI Maintain a compliant, end-to-end view of your data estate with a single model of data governance for all your structured and unstructured data. Discover insights rooted in the characteristics, people and priorities of your business. Context-aware natural language search and discovery AI-powered monitoring and observability Single permission model for data + AI See how Watch demo The best data warehouse is a lakehouse Achieve 12x better price/performance for SQL and BI workloads by moving from legacy cloud data warehouses to a lakehouse. Serverless for simplified management AI-optimized query execution Open formats and APIs to avoid lock-in See how Watch demo Intelligent data processing for batch and real time Implement a single solution for all of your ETL use cases that automatically adapts to help ensure data quality. Simple workflow authoring for batch and streaming End-to-end pipeline monitoring Hands-off reliability and optimization at scale See how Watch demo Open data sharing The first open approach to secure data sharing means you can easily share live data sets, models, dashboards and notebooks to collaborate with anyone on any platform. No proprietary formats or expensive replication No complicated ETL Monetize sharing with the Databricks Marketplace See how Watch demo Manage pipelines to business requirements Optimize data pipeline execution to deadlines and budget requirements. Intelligent selection of compute type Workload-specific autoscaling Automatic remediation of errors See how Schedule demo CUSTOMER STORIES Industry leaders are data + AI companies See more Customer Stories RESOURCES More than meets the AI Get help Everything you need to succeed on lakehouse Support Training Community See what’s new Our latest announcements, expert analyses and events Blog News Events In the spotlight REPORT Build a high-performance data and AI team Read now Report Databricks is a Leader in the 2025 MQ for Database Management Systems. Read now Level up your AI skills We’re coming to a city near you — Learn from members of your local data and AI community, and connect with experts to share strategies and success tactics. Register now eBook Learn data engineering best practices Read now See more resources Ready to become a data + AI company? Take the first steps in your transformation Browse demos Try it free