Arc | Blog — Insights, Tips & More Arc Blog Insights, tips, and strategies from industry leaders and the Arc team. Stay up to date Get the latest from Arc in your inbox: Nov 4, 2025 The Future of Cash Management: From Automation of Intelligence to Automation of Execution We often hear that finance teams spend the majority of their time on data gathering and reconciliation - not on the strategic decisions that actually move their business forward. They're armed with powerful tools for analysis, yet they're constantly playing catch-up with their own data. Elliot Bensabat Head of Product Sep 16, 2025 Meet Archie: The First CFO Agent for Technology Companies Archie is the latest step toward that objective: an AI-powered CFO agent built directly into the platform where companies already manage their cash. With Archie, finance evolves from a bottleneck into a strategic advantage. Nick Lombardo Co-Founder & CEO Sep 16, 2025 An Update From Our Founders Today, we’re sharing an update as Arc and F2 begin their next chapters. I’m stepping into the role of CEO at Arc. My co-founder, Don Muir, will serve as CEO of F2, now operating independently to focus on AI for private markets investors. Nick Lombardo Co-Founder & CEO Sep 3, 2025 Everything you need to know about Startups and Debt Financing The traditional fundraising playbook is changing rapidly. With interest rates elevated and investors becoming more selective, smart entrepreneurs are exploring debt financing as a strategic tool to fuel growth while maintaining control over their vision. Arc Team Go-To-Market Jun 7, 2025 How AI Is Disrupting Banking and Finance Services for Private Equity Artificial intelligence (AI) is fundamentally transforming the banking and finance landscape, especially for startups. The shift is not just about automation or cost reduction—AI is enabling entirely new models of financial services, leveling the playing field for early-stage companies, and accelerating innovation at an unprecedented pace. Basile Senesi Chief Revenue Officer May 6, 2025 Arc Partners With Digits for Smarter Accounting and Happy Customers We’re excited to announce our partnership with Digits , the first end-to-end accounting platform built for the AI era. Arc Team Go-To-Market Mar 7, 2025 Transforming Risk Management for Lenders: A Smarter Approach to DACAs with Arc Learn about the role of Deposit Account Control Agreements (DACAs) for Lenders, and how Arc is streamlining the DACA process to give lenders and borrowers more control and visibility. Aiqi Liu Director of Product Nov 19, 2024 Building Arc Intelligence: Agentic AI For Complex Financial Analysis Arc Intelligence platform achieves 99% accuracy in core complex financial analysis tasks for private credit, according to our internal benchmarking and test data set. 7 In this blog post, we explain our approach to building Arc Intelligence. Emre Kazdagli CTO of Arc Technologies Jan 8, 2024 Introducing Arc Capital Markets — The First Venture Debt Marketplace for Silicon Valley Through Arc Capital Markets, eligible technology companies receive term sheets for up to $250M in debt capital from an exclusive network of pre-qualified lenders, representing $100 billion AUM. Onboarding takes less than 10 minutes, funding terms are provided in 1-5 business days, and customers receive dedicated support from the Arc Capital team throughout the process. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Nov 7, 2023 Arc is Going Global—Enabling Select International Companies to Invest In U.S. Fixed Income Securities Through Global Treasury, qualifying companies ⁵ can invest their cash through a brokerage account held at Pershing Advisor Solutions LLC, a business of BNY Mellon, N.A., while also investing in money market funds and U.S. Treasury Bills.³ The products available can provide a yield of up to ~5.3% net APY (as of 11/8/23)². Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Sep 20, 2023 Introducing Arc Platinum - The Premium Cash Management Experience For Startups Arc Platinum provides on average $50,000 in incremental earnings each year for the average Series A startup compared to their traditional banking stack. Platinum membership includes access to yield-bearing operating accounts with deposits held at diverse financial partners³, waived management fees on treasury management, and dedicated relationship managers providing 24/7 support. Membership also includes exclusive discounts on venture debt, revenue financing, and securities-backed lending through the Arc platform, as well as early access to Arc Intelligence (coming soon), and monthly health & wellness reimbursements (e.g. Equinox). Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Sep 5, 2023 Arc Launches Venture Debt To Serve Explosive Demand From VC-Backed Banking Clients In March 2023, the startup community was shaken to its core. The regional banking system - the backbone of Silicon Valley for 4 decades – was in freefall. While the media was primarily focused on covering the billions in frozen deposits that jeopardized millions of tech jobs and stalling innovation, another storm was quietly brewing. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Jun 29, 2023 Arc Is Live on Product Hunt This morning, we launched on Product Hunt. This launch is the culmination of everything we have built over the past two years for our customers. I am proud of the team for their dedication to our mission and incredibly grateful for the customers who have trusted and supported us along the way. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO May 16, 2023 Arc Launches Partner Marketplace: $100k in SaaS Savings Managing cash burn and extending runway continue to be a key focus for startups in this tough macroeconomic environment. Today, in an effort to help businesses continue to focus on sustainable growth, we are releasing our partner marketplace to the wider startup community. Nick Lombardo Co-Founder & CEO May 9, 2023 Arc increases available FDIC coverage to $5.25M to safeguard startups’ deposits We are excited to announce that we have nearly doubled the amount of FDIC insurance available on the Arc platform through our partner banks to $5.25M¹—bringing the total available FDIC/SIPC coverage to $5.75M¹. When combined with the ability to invest in U.S. T-Bills, startups can now effectively protect 100% of their deposits through the Arc platform. But that’s not all. Unlike many other bank deposit sweep programs in the market, Arc’s sweep offering is yield-bearing – paying over 2% APY on deposits. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO May 8, 2023 WebSummit Rio Panel — Generative AI: Where to after the hype? Generative AI is all anyone in tech in 2023 can talk about. Empowered with it, teams of just one can produce realistic images and videos, write and review code, and so much more. Given all the hype and controversy surrounding generative AI, and its potential impact on society, individuals are starting to wonder if we have opened pandoras box. While only time will tell, these panelists take their best guesses at what’s to come and what will be left when the hype is gone. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO May 8, 2023 WebSummit Rio '23 — Managing SaaS Products as a Startup Maximizing the value of a SaaS subscription should be the goal of every startup—especially those with limited budgets. It's relatively straightforward when the team is lean, but duplicate subscriptions can quickly become the norm when a startup scales. This panel shares insights, tips, and strategies to help startups get the most out of their SaaS subscriptions without breaking the bank. Arc Team Go-To-Market May 5, 2023 WebSummit Rio Panel: Are We Heading for a Global Banking Crisis? The banking system around the globe is built on trust, when it erodes the whole thing could come tumbling down as it did in ‘08 - 09. This time around it appears to be more localized with the collapse of Signature Bank, Silicon Valley Bank, First Republic Bank and most recently PacWest all occurring within weeks of one another. Is this an isolated issue or the start of a global bank contagion? These experts discuss the current state of global banking. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO May 1, 2023 Arc's Response to First Republic Bank — How We're Supporting Affected Startups We are deeply saddened by the news surrounding First Republic Bank, we want to openly pledge Arc’s support to those impacted by this event. First Republic Bank was an integral part of our community, propelling the growth of many innovative companies – with a particular emphasis on providing exceptional service to the people and organizations that fuel positive change in our communities. At times like these, we think it’s absolutely mission-critical that businesses step in to make sure those directly impacted – and the banking community as a whole navigate these challenging times. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Apr 28, 2023 Next Play Capital - Fellowship Program Class With Guest Speaker Don Muir The Next Play Capital Fellowship Program is an opportunity for these former athletes to learn about and get exposure to the venture capital space. In this session, Don provides an overview of Arc. He covers the origin story of Arc, he provides an update on the company’s traction since launch, and he highlights what makes Arc’s offering unique in the banking sector. Don wraps up the session by answering questions from the audience. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Mar 21, 2023 Treasury Management: Why It's More Important Than Ever In the past, treasury management was something that only large companies could justify, as it was slow and time-intensive if done in-house, and expensive if outsourced. Fintech changed that by allowing startups of all sizes to quickly spin up treasury management programs to minimize risk and maximize returns. Basile Senesi Chief Revenue Officer Mar 12, 2023 How Arc Supported Startups Impacted by SVB Silicon Valley Bank played a foundational role in the startup landscape—pioneering both startup banking and venture debt. Their unraveling will have ripple effects throughout the entire ecosystem for weeks to come. Arc stands behind startups affected by the recent events and is offering our support. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Feb 1, 2023 Yield Built For This Moment After a year-long scramble of capital raises and cost cutting measures, we’re now heading into what most are calling a protracted recession. Like the last chapter, we’re still navigating uncertain waters, however, unlike the last, the funding tools previously available to founders to navigate that storm are even more limited. Startups are looking for new ways to stretch their cash, many are finding shelter in yield-bearing accounts, but this too may come at a risk, as not all high-yield instruments are created equal. Basile Senesi Chief Revenue Officer Feb 1, 2023 Introducing: Yield Accounts and Market-Leading Rates Today we are unveiling Arc Yield to the world, a new feature available to all Arc Treasury customers. Built on the Arc Treasury platform, customers now can earn secure, market-leading returns on their idle cash, while continuing to benefit from the same cash management essentials they have come to expect from Arc. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Jan 27, 2023 Alternatives to Traditional Banking Don Muir shares his in-depth perspective on the current banking landscape, the alternatives to traditional banking, and the future of banking during his panel at the 2023 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Jan 18, 2023 Arc Wins Innovative Startup Funding Provider Award We’re excited to share that Arc was ranked one of the most innovative startup funding providers in the US in 2022 by Best Startup California. Each year BSC, ranks the top startup funding providers in the United States based on their track record, leadership team, market share, record of innovation, and ESG rating. Out of nearly 300,000 startups evaluated, Arc was ranked number four. Mackenzie Moore Head of Talent Jan 11, 2023 Arc is the #5 Best Startup to Work For in San Francisco Arc was named in the top 5 of the 50 Best Startups to work for in San Francisco by Built In. Joining a startup with less than fifty people right now is one of the greatest opportunities for impact, agency, scope, and growth. In fact, the other day, I overheard an Arc Engineer say they shipped more code in 2 months at Arc than in two years at their previous publicly traded company. That same engineer works directly with our Co-Founders daily and is a major culture add, not only to the engineering team but the company overall. Speaking of working at a startup… check out our open roles and the list of the other Best Places to Work. Mackenzie Moore Head of Talent Jan 10, 2023 Launching Arc Advance Plus Arc believes premium software startups deserve a premium non-dilutive fundraising option. While constricting market conditions have forced current incumbents – many of whom served a broad group of businesses rather than a focused few – out of the space, we’ve remained unwavering in this belief and designed smarter financing to better meet the needs of today’s software startups. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Oct 11, 2022 Finding Success via Support as Arc’s First Product Intern Spencer Chemtob, Mayfield Fellows Class of 2022, had plenty of options when looking for a place to call home for the summer. See why he choose to work at an early-stage startup and some key learnings from his time as Arc's first product intern. Mackenzie Moore Head of Talent Sep 7, 2022 Launching Our New Podcast: Startup Growth Stories Arc launches the Startup Growth Stories Podcast – a medium for founders & executives to share their unique stories scaling high-growth companies. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Aug 30, 2022 Startup Valuations in a Rising Interest Rate Environment Over the past 6 months, we’ve gone from a “flat-line” interest rate environment hovering around 0%, to 1.5%-1.75%. Today, rates have been raised by 75bps—the biggest increase since 1994. Over the same period of time, we’ve seen late-stage startup valuations plummet while overall cost of capital has climbed. Are the two related? The short answer is that climbing interest rates are directly affecting the cost of capital and indirectly affecting startup valuations. Annie Zhu Strategic Finance Lead Aug 16, 2022 Arc is the Future of Startup Finance Think of Arc as founder-friendly capital. We pay you upfront for your future sales, which means we’re betting on your success and we’re with you over the long-term. We believe in you. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Aug 16, 2022 Arc’s $20M Series A and Cash Management for Software Startups Arc’s $20M Series A was led by Left Lane Capital. Other investors include NFX, Y Combinator, Clocktower Technology Ventures, Torch Capital, Atalaya, Bain Capital Ventures, Soma, Alumni Ventures, and Dreamers VC, as well as the founders of Wayflyer, Plaid, Column, Chargebee, Vouch, and Jeeves. Arc will use the funding to expand its treasury and software products, invest in its engineering, product, and go-to-market teams, and fuel the next phase of its growth. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Jul 26, 2022 Culture: An Early-Stage Startup’s Competitive Advantage At Arc, we’ve put culture at the center of how we build the business. Culture is always a work in progress, and while there’s always room to improve, we’ve learned a lot along the way. Below I’ve outlined some of the takeaways we’ve had around defining company values, creating an inclusive culture, and how those efforts have helped us create a stronger team. Nick Lombardo Co-Founder & CEO Jul 18, 2022 4 Tenants for Operational Excellence During A Downturn There’s no denying it – building during a downturn is hard. Teams need to focus intensely, ruthlessly execute, and make opportunistic bets. To survive, startups must focus on their north star goals, pursue sustainable growth strategies, and continue to put their people and customers first. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Jul 18, 2022 Arc Analytics - Financial Insights For Improved Business Fundamentals Arc Analytics, an in-house analytics tool enables founders to benchmark top expense categories to identify and cut areas of overspend, while testing capital deployment strategies to improve their business fundamentals. The tool, built with API-driven solutions combined with machine learning and other data enrichment layers, combines the capabilities of traditional financial reporting tools with a best-in-class user experience. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Jun 26, 2022 Don’t Just Survive, Thrive - The Default Alive Coalition The Default Alive Coalition is a joint venture between tech companies and VCs to help startups extend their runway and sustain their growth through a challenging macro environment. Launched in partnership with Fondo, Workato, Forecastr, Spekit and several other tech companies, the default alive coalition is a direct response to the warning bells sounded by venture capital firms across Silicon Valley. Together, we’re providing discounts to capital and the key services startups need to operationalize their success. Nick Lombardo Co-Founder & CEO Jun 14, 2022 Arc Treasury - Cash Management Built for Tomorrow Arc launches Treasury, a comprehensive cash management account for high-growth startups. The technology, built on Stripe's leading payments infrastructure, combines the flexibility of an API-driven solution with the native functionality of a consumer app. With Arc Treasury Startups get access to the essential financial tools and services they need to effectively store, manage, and deploy their capital without sacrificing speed. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Apr 13, 2022 Arc, a Stripe Partner, Launches Runway Arc, the full-service finance platform for software startups, launches Runway by Arc to help founders weather a volatile macro environment. As VCs and boards are encouraging already funded startups to shore up additional capital and rein in burn to extend runway until deal flow returns, Runway utilizes Arc’s proprietary ML-enriched underwriting algorithm to analyze net cash burn and cash on hand. Within 24 hours, founders are provided flexible, low-cost capital with zero dilution or debt, enabling continued operations and financial stability during volatility. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Dec 30, 2021 Premium Funding for Premium Startups Arc was founded on the idea that premium startups deserve a premium funding alternative. In the past, founders were left with two options: hit the brakes on growth to extend runway OR raise fresh equity capital and put the pedal to the floor. Founders were forced to choose between accelerating growth and diluting existing employees, investors, and founders. Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO Dec 21, 2021 Reinventing Wall Street for Silicon Valley Wall Street has long been a hub of financial innovation. Silicon Valley attracts many of the brightest teams focused on pursuing technological breakthroughs. Unfortunately, even the most promising startups fly under the radar of Wall Street’s financial institutions. Nick Lombardo Co-Founder & CEO Oct 21, 2021 Modernizing Finance At Arc, our engineering team stands on the shoulders of giants. As a company, we set out to modernize the financing experience for founders and business owners through API integrations and a seamless user experience. Raven Jiang Co-Founder & CTO Oct 13, 2021 10 Reasons Why Founders Love Financing with Arc Think of Arc as founder-friendly capital. We pay you upfront for your future sales, which means we’re betting on your success and we’re with you over the long-term. We believe in you. Nick Lombardo Co-Founder & CEO Oct 6, 2021 The Funding Alternative You Deserve Why are founders forced to choose between giving up ownership & board seats or tripping debt covenants in order to grow? Why does it take weeks to months of founders’ time and energy to raise capital? Why is fundraising for tech startups not… tech enabled? Don Muir Co-Founder & CEO The opinions expressed in Arc's blog are for general informational purposes only and are not intended to provide specific advice or recommendations for any individual or on any specific security or investment product. It is only intended to provide education about the financial industry.