Careers at Parafin | Join our team Products Platforms Careers Blog Docs Login Contact Join our team Our commitment to supporting businesses and partners is evident in the way we support our own team. Parafin’s people are the backbone of this company, and their individual success leads to our collective success. View open positions Parafin ranks #15 on 2025 Inc. 5000 list Read -> America’s best startup employers (2024) Read -> Fintech Innovation 50 Read -> 50 Most Promising Startups, Fintech Read -> Crunchbase Emerging Unicorns Read -> “I joined Parafin with the intention of being part of a company that I could be proud of , one that actively contributes to the growth of small businesses. Working with the team here has been a great experience as I feel that my contributions are valued and have played a part in the company's growth.” Justina Romero, Recruiting Specialist “Two things excite me about Parafin - getting to work with some of the most recognizable platforms in the world serving millions of businesses, and working with incredibly smart but humble colleagues who are relentless about improving our product experience for our platform partners and their customers. ” Eugene Krimkevich, Platform Growth Lead <- -> Our values Empathy Be kind and open minded. Efficiency Be results-oriented. Accountability Show up and be responsible. Intellectual Honesty Seek truth and give feedback. Benefits We offer a wide array of benefits including: Medical, dental, & vision 401k plan Unlimited PTO Paid parental leave Commuter benefits Free in-office lunches Mental health & well-being Special recognition Coffee chat allowance View open positions -> Life at Parafin Blog Parafin partners with Kajabi to launch Kajabi Capital, empowering experts with access to flexible funding December 11, 2025 Parafin and NMI partner to bring embedded financing to over one million merchants December 9, 2025 Leveraging agentic workflows to build the fastest and most accurate underwriting platform for SMBs November 14, 2025 Read more -> Products Capital Spend Pay Over Time Company Careers About Blog Privacy Brand assets Social LinkedIn Twitter Stay in the loop Stay connected with Parafin and receive new updates in your inbox 301 Howard St. Suite 1500 San Francisco, CA 94105 United States