A financing program built for your platform | Parafin Products Platforms Careers Blog Docs Login Contact A financing program, built for your platform Fuel your growth by helping your business customers invest in theirs with white-labeled, AI-powered financing that’s built to scale. Contact sales From marketplaces to vertical SaaS platforms, Parafin partners with leaders in emerging and established industries. Ready-to-launch embedded financial solutions Capital Provide access to fast and flexible working capital.¹ Provide access to fast and flexible working capital. Build trust, generate revenue, and stand out with a seamless capital experience.¹ Spend Turn everyday customer spend into revenue and loyalty for your platform.² Turn everyday customer spend into revenue and loyalty for your platform. Give your business customers credit,² rewards³ and spend management. Pay Over Time Add a payment method that grows your bottom line.¹ Add a payment method that grows your bottom line. Let your business customers split purchases into installments—helping them manage costs while you drive more revenue. Capital Provide access to fast and flexible working capital.¹ Spend Turn everyday customer spend into revenue and loyalty for your platform.² Pay Over Time Add a payment method that grows your bottom line.¹ Power platform growth with embedded finance Meet your customers where they are Support every stage of the customer journey with a full suite of products: Capital, Spend, and Pay Over Time. Your brand, our infrastructure Our white‑labeled UI integrates seamlessly into your platform, delivering an experience that looks and feels like your own. Underwriting that improves every day AI-powered underwriting models trained on over 1 billion cross-industry data points continuously improve to deliver high approval rates and pre‑approved offers your customers want. Launch more with less code Power your program with a single integration. Go live quickly using no‑code, low‑code, or custom options that fit your team and roadmap. Featured in “One key area where [restaurants] have asked for support is quick and easy access to capital. Through DoorDash Capital, [Parafin] provides fair and convenient access to financing.” Tom Pickett, Chief Revenue Officer at DoorDash “We love the team and we love the portal. Parafin gives independent software vendors the tools and control they need to own their capital programs." Michelle Van Horn, Vice President, Product Partnerships at Xplor "We partnered with Parafin because they had a creative and smart solution. With Mindbody Capital, merchants can access funding on the same platform they use to run their everyday business operations." Alice Shen, Director of Business Development at Mindbody Join the leading platforms fueling millions of small businesses with Parafin We partner with the platforms that businesses trust so they can grow faster, stay longer, and succeed on their terms. $16B+ offers extended 35,000+ businesses funded 84 NPS Get started today See how Parafin can support your customers. Get started ¹Loans and lines of credit are issued by Celtic Bank. ‍ ²Parafin is a financial technology company, not a bank. Cash Account and banking services provided by Column N.A. ("Column"), Member FDIC. Parafin is not an FDIC-insured depository institution. FDIC deposit insurance covers the failure of an insured depository institution. Deposits in Cash Accounts are eligible for FDIC insurance up to $250,000 per depositor, for each insurable capacity in which the account is held. Spend Cards are issued by Column, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Spend Cards are powered by Marqeta. Approval is not guaranteed and is subject to checks. Terms and conditions apply. See here for more information regarding the Spend Card and here for more information regarding the Cash Account.   ‍ ³Card purchases may be eligible for cashback. See the Rewards Agreement for more information. Products Capital Spend Pay Over Time Company Careers About Blog Privacy Brand assets Social LinkedIn Twitter Stay in the loop Stay connected with Parafin and receive new updates in your inbox 301 Howard St. Suite 1500 San Francisco, CA 94105 United States