End-to-end embedded financing solutions for platforms Products Platforms Careers Blog Docs Login Contact More than infrastructure Parafin goes beyond building blocks. We provide the crucial connective fabric that makes financial services robust and enduring. Contact sales Your browser doesn't support video. Underwriting We’ve built a best-in-class underwriting engine. Our sophisticated machine learning model is powered by data from over 2 million small businesses to determine eligibility and terms. Your browser doesn't support video. Origination We created a sleek, native UI that embeds seamlessly into your existing platform experience. Your browser doesn't support video. KYC & compliance We absorb risk and ensure that our products are compliant with various government regulations. Your browser doesn't support video. Capital markets We handle the complexity of capital markets for you. By partnering with some of the largest banks, we ensure a steady flow of funds to support your customers. Your browser doesn't support video. Support Our premier support team provides exceptional service. From the consideration to funding stage, we work side-by-side with customers. Your browser doesn't support video. All in a single integration We supply more than a framework. In addition to the foundation and building blocks, we provide the crucial connective fabric that makes financial services robust and enduring. Contact sales -> Your browser doesn't support video. Your browser doesn't support video. Your browser doesn't support video. Your browser doesn't support video. Your browser doesn't support video. Your browser doesn't support video. Your browser doesn't support video. Your browser doesn't support video. Pick and choose your product offerings Our products are built on a common foundation, allowing you to scale your financial services program and offer tailored solutions without starting from scratch. Capital Provide access to fast and flexible working capital.¹ Learn more -> Spend Turn everyday customer spend into revenue and loyalty for your platform.² Learn more -> Pay Over Time Add a payment method that grows your bottom line.¹ Learn more -> Launch on your terms Choose the integration path that fits your roadmap. Whether you want to go live with no code, embed hosted components, or build a custom experience, we provide the tools and support to make it happen. No code Go live with zero engineering work Create pre-approved offers through a self-serve dashboard Share Stripe or Plaid data to automate offers and email marketing Low code Embed our pre-approved offer component with a few lines of code Pair it with a marketing program tailored to your customers Use our toolkit with best practices and templates to get started Custom Build a fully tailored integration using our APIs and webhooks Control how offers are displayed and delivered Match your platform’s design and support your customers’ experience Maximize your program Track performance through our partner dashboard, select which metrics to monitor, and make improvements to drive conversion. We offer a toolkit that includes strategic guidance, data-driven insights, and templates. Get started today See how Parafin can support your customers. Contact sales ¹Loans and lines of credit are issued by Celtic Bank. ‍ ²Parafin is a financial technology company, not a bank. Cash Account and banking services provided by Column N.A. ("Column"), Member FDIC. Parafin is not an FDIC-insured depository institution. FDIC deposit insurance covers the failure of an insured depository institution. Deposits in Cash Accounts are eligible for FDIC insurance up to $250,000 per depositor, for each insurable capacity in which the account is held. Spend Cards are issued by Column, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Spend Cards are powered by Marqeta. Approval is not guaranteed and is subject to checks. Terms and conditions apply. See here for more information regarding the Spend Card and here for more information regarding the Cash Account.   Products Capital Spend Pay Over Time Company Careers About Blog Privacy Brand assets Social LinkedIn Twitter Stay in the loop Stay connected with Parafin and receive new updates in your inbox 301 Howard St. Suite 1500 San Francisco, CA 94105 United States