Tala | Digital Financial Services, Credit, Savings and More Skip to content Global Kenya Mexico Philippines India Guatemala Centroamérica Menu Powerful financial infrastructure for the new global economy Rooted in data and driven by vision, Tala is making financial services smarter, faster, and more accessible worldwide. Learn why Learn why The most comprehensive AI credit engine Tala’s personalized credit platform harnesses machine learning models trained on billions of proprietary data points from over a decade of customer relationships to underwrite millions of customers who have never interacted with the formal banking system. Data-obsessed , vertically integrated Tala is the first and only platform to combine the intelligence of a credit bureau, the payments execution of a fintech and the relationship expertise of a bank into one integrated solution. Credit that smashes barriers We’ve reimagined credit from the ground up with Tala InSight—our patent pending credit decision model that uses causal methods to predict the terms and circumstances that will enable every customer to succeed, on a truly personalized basis. Learn more Poised for explosive growth Tala has built a plug-and-play banking solution that has the potential to serve any person in any country. This baseline proprietary software, which we call Tala in a Box combines our AI and data capabilities with end-to-end money supply chain infrastructure—supporting rapid launch and scale in any market we choose to enter. Learn more Fintech that works for everyone Rooted in data and driven by vision, Tala is making financial services smarter, faster, and more accessible across multiple markets—inviting 10 million and counting to take their place in the global economy. 12M+ Customers served $7B In credit access delivered 3 Continents and counting A smarter financial experience Through Tala’s mobile app, customers can bypass the barriers imposed by legacy institutions to access an instant credit line, move money between digital wallets, and cash out in physical locations. Personalized credit done right Our credit application takes minutes, and real-time underwriting means customers get the right offer for them. With dynamic credit limits and pricing, each customer can be rewarded for growing with Tala. Unlocking growth with crypto Tala is making it easier for customers to manage their finances in real-time every day. Our new crypto-enabled digital wallet saves customers money and enables seamless transfers with safe cash storage. Proving our impact where it counts 79% Report improved financial management 50% Report they could not easily find a good alternative to Tala 82% State they experience improvements in quality of life 80% Of women surveyed report increased confidence due to Tala View our impact reports Testimonials “When I got approved for a loan it was like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders because I don't need to worry about my water and electricity bills.” Jean, Philippines “When no one was willing to help me start my dream career, Tala helped me go from baking with charcoal to baking with a clean and lovely oven. Tala trusted me to live my story.” Baraka, Kenya “Tala is a company for all working Mexicans. They consider you, even if you may not have a credit history. From the very beginning, Tala puts their trust and confidence in you.” Alejandro, Mexico Featured by Read the latest news