DeepL features to help elevate your language Products New DeepL Agent New Automate routine tasks and work smarter with a secure AI assistant DeepL Translator Translate securely, efficiently, and accurately DeepL Write Enhance your writing and adapt to your audience DeepL Voice Converse across languages in real time DeepL API Build multilingual experiences into your products DeepL Integrations Combine Language AI with essential productivity tools Overview Solutions Teams Localization Legal Marketing & Communications Customer Service Sales Business Operations Industry Legal & professional services Retail & e-commerce Manufacturing Government Financial services Pharma & life sciences Healthcare ISV & technology Use cases Document translation Customer support Internal communication Marketing Global expansion Enterprise Overview Enterprise security & trust Market-leading Quality Customization Hub New Contact Sales Pricing Apps Apps Desktop app Browser extension Mobile apps Explore all apps Integrations Microsoft Word Google Workspace Microsoft 365 Explore all integrations Elevate your communication with handy features Whether crafting an email, translating a document, or re-writing a text, clear and effective communication is paramount. DeepL is your go-to solution to all language-centric challenges—with built-in app features designed to help you communicate with precision and confidence. Explore all DeepL Pro plans Contact Sales Trusted by over 200,000 businesses globally Communicate across languages With DeepL Translator, your team can break down language barriers—and embrace true multilingual communication. Instantly translate text, documents, and images with accuracy and clarity. Text translation Effortlessly translate text with ease, and ensure full communication anytime, anywhere in over 30 languages. Text translation Document translation Say goodbye to endless copy and paste. With document translation, you can translate entire files in just a few clicks—all while maintaining the original formatting. Document translation Glossary Consistency matters in translation. With DeepL, you can create and manage a personalized glossary of terms, ensuring your translations are always accurate and consistent. More on glossary Image translation Whether a sign, screenshot, or restaurant menu, DeepL's image translations help you understand the full picture. Image translation Formality Not all conversations are the same—so let DeepL help tailor your translation to match the tone you need, whether formal or informal. Dictionary With our dictionary functionality, you can easily peruse word definitions and find word and phrase alternatives—and insert them straight into your translation. Perfect your writing for any audience DeepL Write helps you capture the perfect words for any situation. Customize your writing with style and tone options that ensure your texts are clear and compelling. Alternatives Elevate your writing with smarter word choices. DeepL's alternatives feature helps you find the perfect word to enhance your message. Learn more Track your edits By toggling on the "show changes" feature, you can easily track and review edits to your text. Writing styles Your writing, your rules. Customize your writing style to suit different contexts and ensure your message resonates with your audience. Tones of voice Strike the right tone for your writing, whether enthusiastic, friendly, confident, or diplomatic. Explore all DeepL Pro plans Unlock advanced features with DeepL Pro Unlimited text translation and improvements Translate or edit text as much as you need, without limits and across all platforms. Increased file translation capacity Handle more with a higher monthly file translation limit. Translate multiple documents and keep your projects moving forward. Expanded glossaries Manage more with an increased number of custom glossaries. Ensure consistency across all your translations with standardized terms and phrases. Maximum data security Protect your sensitive information with top-tier security measures. With DeepL Pro, your data is safeguarded with the highest standards of encryption and privacy and texts are never stored without your consent. CAT tool integration Streamline your workflow by integrating DeepL with industry-leading CAT tools. Enjoy seamless translation and editing processes, all within your preferred environment. Team administration Easily manage the use of DeepL Pro in your team and company (add members, view and control usage). And with SSO, your team can easily and in a secure way sign in to the company account. Boost productivity with smart features Simplify your work and save time with DeepL. Single sign-on (SSO) Business customers can access DeepL easily and securely, on any platform, and across all devices—ensuring the work is always within reach. Learn more about SSO Contact Sales Saved translations No more double work. With saved translations you can store text for later and come back to it when you're ready—ensuring an efficient and consistent workflow. Easily ac cess your saved translations on web, desktop, and mobile apps by selecting Favorites. Translation history Need to revisit a past translation? The translation history feature saves recent translations to easily access and review at any time. DeepL can help your team enhance communication Discover how accurate and personalized translations and writing solutions can transform your business—without compromising security. Explore all DeepL Pro plans Contact Sales Explore all DeepL Pro plans Contact Sales