Stripe Blog: Online Payment Solutions Blog Back Global payments Payments Online payments Payment Links No-code payments Checkout Prebuilt payment form Elements Flexible UI components Terminal In-person payments Radar Fraud prevention Authorization Boost Acceptance optimizations Money Management Connect Payments for platforms Financial Accounts Manage business finances Issuing Physical and virtual cards Global Payouts Send money to third parties Capital for platforms Customer financing Revenue and Finance Automation Billing Subscription management Usage-based Metered billing Invoicing One-time or recurring Tax Sales tax & VAT automation Revenue Recognition Accounting automation Stripe Sigma Custom reports Data Pipeline Data sync More Payment methods Access to 100+ globally Link Accelerated checkout Financial Connections Linked financial account data Identity Online identity verification Atlas Startup incorporation By stage Enterprises Startups By use case Agentic commerce Crypto Ecommerce Embedded finance Finance automation Global businesses In-app payments Marketplaces Platforms SaaS By industry AI companies Creator economy Hospitality, travel, and leisure Insurance Media and entertainment Nonprofits Retail Ecosystem Stripe App Marketplace Partners Documentation Resources API reference Libraries and SDKs App integrations Guides Accept online payments Implement a prebuilt checkout Build a platform or marketplace API status Developer blog Support center Managed support plans Professional services Contact sales Blog Customer stories Guides Sessions conference Jobs Newsroom Stripe Press Become a partner Start now Contact sales Global payments Payments Online payments Payment Links No-code payments Checkout Prebuilt payment form Elements Flexible UI components Terminal In-person payments Radar Fraud prevention Authorization Boost Acceptance optimizations Money Management Connect Payments for platforms Financial Accounts Manage business finances Issuing Physical and virtual cards Global Payouts Send money to third parties Capital Business financing Revenue and Finance Automation Billing Subscription management Usage-based Metered billing Invoicing One-time or recurring Tax Sales tax & VAT automation Revenue Recognition Accounting automation Stripe Sigma Custom reports Data Pipeline Data sync More Payment methods Access to 100+ globally Link Accelerated checkout Financial Connections Linked financial account data Identity Online identity verification Atlas Startup incorporation Climate Carbon removal By stage Enterprises Startups By use case Agentic commerce Crypto Ecommerce Embedded finance Finance automation Global businesses In-app payments Marketplaces Platforms SaaS By industry AI companies Creator economy Hospitality, travel, and leisure Insurance Media and entertainment Nonprofits Retail Ecosystem Stripe App Marketplace Partners Documentation Start integrating Stripe’s products and tools Resources API reference Libraries and SDKs App integrations Code samples Stripe Apps Guides Accept online payments Implement a prebuilt checkout Set up in-person payments Build a platform or marketplace Manage subscriptions Offer usage-based billing Support center Managed support plans Professional services Contact sales Blog Customer stories Guides Sessions conference Product Introducing the Agentic Commerce Suite: A complete solution for selling on AI agents December 11, 2025 Ahmed Gharib Product Lead, Agentic Commerce Our Agentic Commerce Suite gets your business agent-ready. It enables you to sell on AI agents by making your products discoverable, simplifying your checkout, and allowing you to accept agentic payments via a single integration. Read more Product Analyzing how SaaS platforms are shipping payments and finance products in days December 4, 2025 Minni Jindal Data Science, Connect Leading SaaS platforms across industries—from Squarespace to Jobber—are using embedded components to ship payments and finance features with minimal code. We analyzed the data to see which types of platforms are getting the most value. Read more Product New features to help SaaS platforms manage risk and stay compliant December 2, 2025 Aakash Sahney Product Lead, Connect We recently launched three new features that give you more control to fine-tune your risk and compliance strategy, allowing you to use more of Stripe’s data to inform your approach. Here’s what’s new. Read more Product Create new monetization opportunities with Stripe Billing’s recent upgrades November 11, 2025 Wisam Hirzalla Product Lead, Billing We recently released a series of improvements to expand multiprocessor support, give you more control over your billing and invoicing models, and better tailor your pricing for AI products. Here’s everything that’s new. Read more Recent highlights Introducing Tempo, the payments-first blockchain September 4, 2025 Tempo, a Layer 1 blockchain incubated by Stripe and crypto VC firm Paradigm, is purpose-built for scalable, low-cost stablecoin payments. Alma available in France October 30, 2024 Give customers in France the option to pay with Alma, so they can choose to complete their purchase in two, three, or four installments—while you get paid immediately. Pay by Bank available in the UK May 21, 2024 Businesses in the UK can now offer Pay by Bank. Accept payments in real time, and reduce payment costs with Stripe’s open banking–powered payment method. Amazon Pay available in the US April 10, 2024 Businesses in the US can now offer Amazon Pay. Allow your customers to pay using the same checkout experience that millions of Amazon customers know and trust. Manual payouts now faster in UK April 10, 2024 Manual payouts will now land in your bank account on the same business day due to new local banking integrations in the UK. No extra fees, no integrations changes needed. Cash App Pay available in US June 7, 2023 Businesses in the US can now reach new customers with Cash App Pay. Allow customers to pay with the wallet that's number one in both app stores. Introducing Stripe Reader S700 May 2, 2023 Build custom experiences for interactions from ordering to loyalty management—or run your custom POS on an all-in-one device. Collect payment details before creating an Intent April 27, 2023 Integrating and upgrading to the Payment Element is now easier than ever with server-side confirmation and a new integration path that lets you collect payment details before creating a PaymentIntent or SetupIntent. BNPL support expanded globally April 27, 2023 Businesses can now accept more buy now, pay later methods globally through one integration on Stripe: Klarna in AU, NZ, CA, CH, PT, PL, CZ, and GR; Affirm in CA. Automatic currency conversion April 1, 2023 Businesses in the US and Canada using Checkout and Payment Links can now dynamically localize pricing to 30 countries with one click in the Dashboard. Product Building for the next wave of app monetization November 4, 2025 Tim Fisher Product, Optimized Checkout Suite Last week, Google announced that Android apps selling digital goods to US customers can now process in-app payments using third-party payment providers. Many customers have turned to Stripe to handle in-app purchases by using multiple products: Stripe Managed Payments, Optimized Checkout Suite, and Stripe Billing. Here’s a closer look at our solutions for app developers. Read more Product Introducing stablecoin payments for subscriptions October 14, 2025 Jennifer Lee Product, Crypto Payments As businesses expand globally, stablecoins can help them reach a broader international audience more cost-effectively. Now we’re extending these benefits to subscription-based businesses by launching recurring payments with stablecoins. Read more Product Introducing our agentic commerce solutions October 7, 2025 Kevin Miller Business Lead, Payments, Risk, and Support Last week, we shared how we worked with OpenAI to develop the Agentic Commerce Protocol (ACP), a new specification to help AI platforms embed commerce into their applications and businesses sell through agentic channels without giving up trust or control. ACP is just the beginning. Here are some of the additional steps Stripe is taking to build agentic commerce solutions for AI platforms and businesses. Read more Product All our product updates from Stripe Tour New York September 30, 2025 Will Gaybrick Product and Business We announced new agentic commerce capabilities, modular infrastructure for all parts of the crypto stack, including the ability for you to collect subscription payments using stablecoins, and a lot more. Read more Product Introducing Open Issuance from Bridge: A new platform to launch your own stablecoin September 30, 2025 Aadil Mamujee Head of Crypto, Bridge Open Issuance, from Bridge, is a new platform that allows any business to launch and manage its own stablecoin. With its own stablecoin, a business can control its product experience, mint and burn without limits or unnecessary fees, and earn rewards from reserves. Read more Product Developing an open standard for agentic commerce September 29, 2025 Jeff Weinstein Product Lead, Agentic Commerce Steve Kaliski Engineering Lead, Agentic Commerce Today, we announced that Stripe is powering OpenAI’s newly launched commerce experience: Instant Checkout in ChatGPT. It is powered by the Agentic Commerce Protocol, a new open standard developed by Stripe and OpenAI that enables programmatic commerce flows between AI agents and businesses. Read more View all posts Corporate Stripe Sessions is back on May 6, 2025 October 15, 2024 Jeff Titterton Marketing Join us May 6–8 in San Francisco for Stripe Sessions, our annual user conference. This year, we’re doubling the number of breakout sessions, expanding our training program to give you more hands-on product support, and adding a demo stage to showcase more of Stripe’s key updates. Read more Corporate Our biggest product updates from Sessions 2024 April 24, 2024 Will Gaybrick Product and Business We announced AI-powered payments, our biggest-ever upgrades to Stripe Connect, new support for usage-based billing, increased interoperability, and a lot more. Read more Corporate Stripe Sessions 2024—come join us December 14, 2023 Jeff Titterton Marketing Please join us April 23–25 at Moscone West in San Francisco for our largest event ever. Read more Corporate The creator economy goes global September 6, 2023 Edwin Wee Community Stripe data shows that the creator economy has evolved but is still thriving. We’ve seen this evolution up close, as many of the largest creator platforms use Stripe Connect to onboard creators and pay out funds around the world. Read more Corporate Sessions 2023: Powering growth for the internet economy May 3, 2023 Jeff Titterton Marketing At our annual user conference, we shared how we are helping businesses increase revenue with our global payments suite, how we are allowing platforms and marketplaces to generate more revenue and get to market faster, and how we are helping businesses find new efficiencies through developer tools and automated revenue and finance operations. Read more View all Corporate posts Engineering How we built it: Real-time analytics for Stripe Billing September 16, 2025 Reed Trevelyan Revenue Intelligence Among global business leaders surveyed, 84% agree that adapting pricing quickly will be a key competitive advantage. Our new real-time analytics system for Stripe Billing helps them spot customer trends just as they emerge. Read more Engineering How we built it: Jurisdiction resolution for Stripe Tax July 10, 2025 Erich Rentz Tax Product Danko Komlen Tax Engineering Stripe’s users rely on us to calculate tax correctly and quickly, no matter where a transaction happens. Our new jurisdiction resolution system (JRS) is a faster, less resource-intensive solution to the challenging problem of determining tax obligations in places with complicated, overlapping tax jurisdictions. Read more Engineering How Stripe’s document databases supported 99.999% uptime with zero-downtime data migrations June 6, 2024 Jimmy Morzaria Database Infrastructure Suraj Narkhede Database Infrastructure In this blog post we’ll share an overview of Stripe’s database infrastructure and discuss the design and application of the Data Movement Platform. Read more Engineering Test clocks: How we made it easier to test Stripe Billing integrations May 9, 2024 Ji Huang Stripe Billing Stripe Billing allows businesses to manage customer relationships with recurring payments, usage triggers, and other customizable features. Read more Engineering Shepherd: How Stripe adapted Chronon to scale ML feature development April 15, 2024 Ben Mears ML Features This blog discusses the technical details of how we built Shepherd and how we are expanding the capabilities of Chronon to meet Stripe’s scale. Read more View all Engineering posts Industry High-growth companies stand out with flexible pricing September 24, 2025 Wisam Hirzalla Product Lead, Stripe Billing Our recent survey of 2,000+ global business leaders showed that the fastest-growing companies are approaching pricing differently than their peers. Here are some of the strategies behind their success. Read more Industry A framework for pricing AI products September 11, 2025 Kunal Mahajan Product, Usage-based Billing Helen Lee Marketing, Usage-based Billing While businesses are rapidly building AI products, monetization remains a challenge. In this post, we share a framework for building a successful pricing strategy with key decision points on charge metrics, billing models, and guardrails. Read more Industry The conversion paradox: 3DS trends in regulated markets August 26, 2025 Amandeep Batra Global Payments Performance Cip Blujdea Product, Payments Intelligence Our analysis showed that even with very high two-factor authentication trigger rates—which traditionally add friction to the checkout flow—France, the UK, and Japan still maintain high conversion rates. Read more Industry The top industries and business models using AI for fraud prevention August 12, 2025 Josh Ackerman Product Lead, Stripe Radar Our recent survey of more than 4,000 payments leaders worldwide showed that 47% of businesses now use an AI tool or feature to detect and prevent fraud—making it the most popular application of AI in payments. But adoption isn’t uniform across all sectors. Understanding which types of companies are leading this shift—and why—offers insights into where fraud prevention is heading and which strategies are most effective. Read more Industry Inside the growth of the top AI companies on Stripe June 30, 2025 Lauren Thomas Analytics AI companies are rewriting the rules of growth. In our new report, Indexing the AI economy , we explore the latest trends and strategies in the AI space. Read more View all Industry posts Product Analyzing how SaaS platforms are shipping payments and finance products in days December 4, 2025 Minni Jindal Data Science, Connect Leading SaaS platforms across industries—from Squarespace to Jobber—are using embedded components to ship payments and finance features with minimal code. We analyzed the data to see which types of platforms are getting the most value. Read more Product New features to help SaaS platforms manage risk and stay compliant December 2, 2025 Aakash Sahney Product Lead, Connect We recently launched three new features that give you more control to fine-tune your risk and compliance strategy, allowing you to use more of Stripe’s data to inform your approach. Here’s what’s new. Read more Product Create new monetization opportunities with Stripe Billing’s recent upgrades November 11, 2025 Wisam Hirzalla Product Lead, Billing We recently released a series of improvements to expand multiprocessor support, give you more control over your billing and invoicing models, and better tailor your pricing for AI products. Here’s everything that’s new. Read more Product Building for the next wave of app monetization November 4, 2025 Tim Fisher Product, Optimized Checkout Suite Last week, Google announced that Android apps selling digital goods to US customers can now process in-app payments using third-party payment providers. Many customers have turned to Stripe to handle in-app purchases by using multiple products: Stripe Managed Payments, Optimized Checkout Suite, and Stripe Billing. Here’s a closer look at our solutions for app developers. Read more Product Introducing stablecoin payments for subscriptions October 14, 2025 Jennifer Lee Product, Crypto Payments As businesses expand globally, stablecoins can help them reach a broader international audience more cost-effectively. Now we’re extending these benefits to subscription-based businesses by launching recurring payments with stablecoins. Read more View all Product posts Subscribe to the Stripe Blog Stay connected with Stripe and receive new blog posts in your inbox. Like this post? Join our team. Stripe builds financial tools and economic infrastructure for the internet. Have any feedback or questions? We’d love to hear from you.