The AI workspace that works for you. | Notion One workspace. Zero busywork. Notion is where your teams and AI agents capture knowledge, find answers, and automate projects. Now a team of 7 feels like 70. Get Notion free Request a demo Play Trusted by top teams Introducing Notion 3.0 Notion Agent New You assign the tasks. Your Notion Agent does the work. → Hand off your busywork What used to take days in minutes. Tell it your goal and watch it work. Collaborates with your team It's like having a built-in power user that works alongside your team. Knows everything you know Searches all your pages, messages, files, and the web to surface exactly what you need. Personalized to you Your Agent learns how you work. You control everything from how it behaves to how it looks. Custom Agents Coming soon Automate repetitive tasks. → Enterprise Search One search for everything. → AI Meeting Notes Perfect notes, every time. → Flexible workflows Manage any project, big or small. → Your AI everything app. More productivity. Fewer tools. Bring all your tools and teams under one roof. Calculate savings below. See pricing plans → Trusted by teams that ship. There’s power in a single platform where you can do all your work. Notion is that single place. Read the full story → View the video Streamlined workflows to reduce timelines by 3x. → “With Notion, every person at Ramp has an AI agent.” → “Notion understands that you can solve a lot of problems with one tool.” → “Notion has been the most powerful and impactful way to streamline our workflow.” → “Using the most AI‑native tools like Notion is an important competitive advantage for us.” → One hub for work and AI keeps everyone informed and work flowing. → Close dialog Play Uh-oh! It looks like your ad blocker is preventing the video from playing. Please watch it on YouTube Over 100M users worldwide #1 knowledge base 3 years running (G2) #1 AI enterprise search (G2) #1 rated AI writing (G2) 62% of Fortune 100 Over 50% of YC companies 1.4M+ community members Over 100M users worldwide #1 knowledge base 3 years running (G2) #1 AI enterprise search (G2) #1 rated AI writing (G2) 62% of Fortune 100 Over 50% of YC companies 1.4M+ community members Over 100M users worldwide #1 knowledge base 3 years running (G2) #1 AI enterprise search (G2) #1 rated AI writing (G2) 62% of Fortune 100 Over 50% of YC companies 1.4M+ community members Let Notion AI handle the busywork. Pick a use case to see how Notion does the work for you. Explore more → Go from brainstorm to roadmap → Turn meetings into social posts → Organize your workspace → Onboard a new hire → Revise a landing page → Plan an offsite → Track favorite restaurants → Transform notes into tasks → Try for free. Get started on Notion Your AI workspace with built-in agents. Download for Mac Notion Mail The AI inbox that thinks like you. Download Notion Calendar Time, scheduling, tasks—all together. Download Notion is always at home right in your browser .