About Found | Our Team & Mission Business Banking Bookkeeping & Taxes Pricing Resources Sign in See a demo Get started Sign in See a demo Get started Build the future of business banking Join us in helping small business owners do more of what they do best. See open roles Placeholder Our customers love us 38K+ 5-star app ratings 769K Found accounts created $1.34B+ processed card transactions We’re on a mission to make running a small business easier Founded in 2019 by Lauren Myrick, Connor Dunn, and a team with deep experience in taxes, accounting, and financial services, Found provides the support and structure that small business owners need to thrive. Running a business can be infinitely rewarding, but it comes with a host of challenges—from bookkeeping to invoicing to taxes. With business banking, automated expense tracking, tax estimation, and smart financial tools all in one platform, Found helps small business owners have more time to do what they do best. We’re on a mission to make running a small business easier Founded in 2019 by a team with deep experience in taxes, accounting, and financial services, Found provides the support and structure that small business owners need to thrive. Running a business can be infinitely rewarding, but it comes with a host of challenges—from bookkeeping to invoicing to taxes. With business banking, automated expense tracking, tax estimation, and smart financial tools all in one platform, Found helps small business owners have more time to do what they do best. How we operate at Found Think big, start small Great ideas all start somewhere. We move fast, get feedback, and iterate to accelerate that process. Act like a founder We have an ownership mentality; no job is too small for our team. We take pride in making Found better every single day. Be a tailwind We are the wind at our customers’ backs. We put the customer first and help them succeed. Succeed together We support each other for the good of the company. We uplift one another and celebrate Found’s successes together. Backed by the pros Engineering blog From scaling money movement systems to automating bookkeeping workflows, our engineering team is solving complex problems so running a business feels simple. Find out how. Read the blog Placeholder Ready to join our team? See open roles Ready to join our team? See open roles One platform to manage your business finances PRODUCTS Banking Bookkeeping Taxes Invoices FEATURES Online Business Checking Automated Bookkeeping Real-Time Insights Fast Transfers & Deposits Contractor Management Budget & Save with Pockets For Accountants RESOURCES Resource Hub Help Center Security Free Invoice Generator Fund Your Account COMPANY Team Careers Partnerships Press Legal Have Questions? Email our support team: help@found.com Follow Us Found is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services are provided by Lead Bank, Member FDIC. The funds in your account are FDIC-insured up to $250,000 per depositor for each account ownership category. FDIC insurance only covers the failure of an FDIC-insured depository institution. ²The Found Mastercard Business debit card is issued by Lead Bank pursuant to a license from Mastercard Inc. and may be used everywhere Mastercard debit cards are accepted. ¹⁷Cash Back Terms and Conditions apply. The information on this website is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, tax or legal advice. Found partners with various providers to enable you to compare offers from participating institutions, such as lending, filing service, and insurance providers. Found is not a lender, a filing service, nor an insurance provider. This website contains advertisement of Found and third party products and services. According to Nerdwallet, Found is the best banking option for self-employed business owners. ( Source ) Terms of Service ・ Privacy Policy ・ Accessibility statement ・ © 2025 Found Get started Found is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services are provided by Lead Bank, Member FDIC.