Press Business Banking Bookkeeping & Taxes Pricing Resources Sign in See a demo Get started Sign in See a demo Get started Newsroom Questions? Contact us at press@found.com The latest from Found Keep tabs on Found as we work to simplify self-employment. Found Named to Deloitte Fast 500 Found ranks #43 on Deloitte's 2025 Technology Fast 500, recognizing North America's fastest-growing tech companies. Deloitte November 19, 2025 Found Announces Lead Bank Partnership Strategic banking partnership enables Found to ship new features and scale operations for a growing customer base. Found October 21, 2025 2025 Forbes Fintech 50 Found made the tenth annual Forbes Fintech 50 list, which highlights thriving companies in the midst of challenging market conditions. Forbes February 18, 2025 Announcement: Found Series C We are excited to announce that Found has completed a $50M Series C investment round. Found June 10, 2024 Found partners with Care.com This new partnership provides caregivers with a seamless solution for managing their earnings. Financial Times May 15, 2024 Entrepreneur Tax Season Q&A with Lauren Myrick Found's cofounder and CEO shares how to get the most money out of your side hustle during tax season. Entrepreneur April 08, 2024 Forbes Fintech 50 The ninth annual Fintech 50 list features firms that continue to innovate, grow and adapt, even in the face of headwinds. Forbes February 13, 2024 8 CEOs making their Forbes Fintech 50 debut Lauren Myrick, an accountant by training, spent eight years at Square before creating Found. Forbes February 13, 2024 Revenued forges partnership with Found Coming together to address the challenges today’s small businesses face, such as access to capital. Fintech Finance February 09, 2024 Podcast: Small Business Radio Show One of the fastest growing areas of the workforce are the self-employed. What resources are there to help? Podcast May 29, 2023 Podcast: Solopreneur Hour Lauren Myrick had first hand experience as to what solopreneurs really needed out of a bank, so she started Found. Podcast March 27, 2023 Forbes Q&A with Lauren Myrick Gary Drenik talks with Found’s Lauren Myrick about her mission, the state of self-employment, and what’s next. Forbes March 07, 2023 The 61 most promising fintechs Insider asked 40+ top fintech investors to nominate the most promising fintechs. Here’s what they chose. Business Insider January 10, 2023 12 fintech startups for small businesses Every small business owner should know the names of these financial-technology companies. Business Insider July 26, 2022 Announcement: Found Series B We are excited to announce that Found has raised $60M in equity financing for our Series B round. Found February 17, 2022 Our mission Found was built to make self-employment easier. With business banking and smart, simple financial tools, we help people seamlessly run their own businesses. Sign up in as little as 5 minutes. Easy sign up No credit check No minimum balance No maintenance fees Scan to download the Found app. Found is available on iOS, Android, and desktop. Get started Get started One platform to manage your business finances PRODUCTS Banking Bookkeeping Taxes Invoices FEATURES Online Business Checking Automated Bookkeeping Real-Time Insights Fast Transfers & Deposits Contractor Management Budget & Save with Pockets For Accountants RESOURCES Resource Hub Help Center Security Free Invoice Generator Fund Your Account COMPANY Team Careers Partnerships Press Legal Have Questions? Email our support team: help@found.com Follow Us Found is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services are provided by Lead Bank, Member FDIC. The funds in your account are FDIC-insured up to $250,000 per depositor for each account ownership category. FDIC insurance only covers the failure of an FDIC-insured depository institution. ²The Found Mastercard Business debit card is issued by Lead Bank pursuant to a license from Mastercard Inc. and may be used everywhere Mastercard debit cards are accepted. ¹⁷Cash Back Terms and Conditions apply. The information on this website is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, tax or legal advice. Found partners with various providers to enable you to compare offers from participating institutions, such as lending, filing service, and insurance providers. Found is not a lender, a filing service, nor an insurance provider. This website contains advertisement of Found and third party products and services. According to Nerdwallet, Found is the best banking option for self-employed business owners. ( Source ) Terms of Service ・ Privacy Policy ・ Accessibility statement ・ © 2025 Found Found is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services are provided by Lead Bank, Member FDIC.