Careers Business Banking Bookkeeping & Taxes Pricing Resources Sign in See a demo Get started Sign in See a demo Get started We’re on a mission to simplify finances for the self-employed. Explore open roles Over 60 million Americans are self-employed. There’s a big difference between a job, and a job you love. We’re building Found so everyone has the support, structure, and confidence to work for themselves. Love what you do at Found. We believe everyone does their best work when they feel healthy, happy, and supported—here’s what that looks like at Found. 401K, FSA, and Commuter Benefits We offer all employees access to tax-efficient benefit options alongside competitive base compensation. Paid parental leave Found supports employees through all stages of life, which is why all new parents employed by Found qualify for 16 weeks of flexible parental leave. Health benefits Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits are always 100% covered for employees. Work anywhere Found supports fully remote work. We have hubs in SF, Seattle, Portland, and NYC that support in-person collaboration. Meaningful equity Everyone on our team should feel and act like an owner, which is why Found offers industry-competitive equity to all of our employees. Flexible vacation policy Vacations, appointments, mental health days—take the time you need, whenever you need to with our flexible time-off policy. Backed by the pros Found has partnered with some of our industry’s leading investors. Read about the investment on Lightspeed’s blog. Learn more about our Series C investment. Open roles. Find the job that's right for you. All departments Customer Operations Finance Partnerships Payment Partnerships Compliance Business Risk Operations Data Growth Design Product Talent Company Operations Customer Experience Engineering Compliance Analyst - BSA/AML San Francisco, Seattle, Portland, New York, or Remote (USA only) Data Scientist, Risk San Francisco, Seattle, Portland, New York, or Remote (USA only) IT and Security Operations Specialist San Francisco, Seattle, Portland, New York, or Remote (USA only) Senior Data Scientist San Francisco, Seattle, Portland, New York, or Remote (USA only) Senior Software Engineer, Data Infrastructure San Francisco, Seattle, Portland, New York, or Remote (USA only) Senior Software Engineer (Full-Stack), Taxes & Bookkeeping San Francisco, Seattle, Portland, New York, or Remote (USA only) Senior Software Engineer, Platform San Francisco, Seattle, Portland, New York, or Remote (USA only) Don’t see the role you’re looking for? Found is growing at a rapid pace, and your experience may be just what we need. If you don’t see a role listed that is the right fit for you, email us at hiring@found.com . Sign up for free in minutes. Get started Easy sign-up No credit check No minimum balance No hidden fees One platform to manage your business finances PRODUCTS Banking Bookkeeping Taxes Invoices FEATURES Online Business Checking Automated Bookkeeping Real-Time Insights Fast Transfers & Deposits Contractor Management Budget & Save with Pockets For Accountants RESOURCES Resource Hub Help Center Security Free Invoice Generator Fund Your Account COMPANY Team Careers Partnerships Press Legal Have Questions? Email our support team: help@found.com Follow Us Found is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services are provided by Lead Bank, Member FDIC. The funds in your account are FDIC-insured up to $250,000 per depositor for each account ownership category. FDIC insurance only covers the failure of an FDIC-insured depository institution. ²The Found Mastercard Business debit card is issued by Lead Bank pursuant to a license from Mastercard Inc. and may be used everywhere Mastercard debit cards are accepted. ⁴Optional subscriptions to Found Plus for $19.99/month or $149.99/year or Found Pro for $80/month or $720/year. There are no monthly account maintenance fees, but other fees such as transactional fees for wires, instant transfers, and ATM apply. Read Found Fee Schedule. The information on this website is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, tax or legal advice. Found partners with various providers to enable you to compare offers from participating institutions, such as lending, filing service, and insurance providers. Found is not a lender, a filing service, nor an insurance provider. This website contains advertisement of Found and third party products and services. According to Nerdwallet, Found is the best banking option for self-employed business owners. ( Source ) Terms of Service ・ Privacy Policy ・ Accessibility statement ・ © 2025 Found