Found | Online Business Checking for Small Business Owners Business Banking Bookkeeping & Taxes Pricing Resources Sign in See a demo Get started Sign in See a demo Get started Smarter banking for your business AI-POWERED Built-in bookkeeping, invoicing, taxes, and financial tools. Get started Placeholder Placeholder Placeholder Placeholder Best Business Checking for Self-Employed Business Owners October 2025 ©2017-2025 and TM, NerdWallet, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Best for Innovative Features October 2025 © 2025 Forbes Advisor. All Rights Reserved. The Found Mastercard Business debit card is issued by Lead Bank pursuant to a license from Mastercard Inc. and may be used everywhere Mastercard debit cards are accepted. Best Business Checking for Self-Employed Business Owners October 2025 ©2017-2025 and TM, NerdWallet, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Best for Innovative Features October 2025 © 2025 Forbes Advisor. All Rights Reserved. Move, manage, and grow your money—all in one place Found is your entire back office, consolidated into one, seamless platform. Get paid, send payments, manage your cash flow, and stay ahead of tax season—right where you bank. Banking Payments and deposits flow directly into your Found account, with the estimated taxes set aside. Bookkeeping Expenses and receipts are automatically tracked, organized, and categorized for you. Taxes Found handles the math and flags deductions, so you’re ready for tax time. Contractor management Send unlimited payments with no per-contractor fees and easily collect the tax forms you need. Banking Payments and deposits flow directly into your Found account, with the estimated taxes set aside. Taxes Found handles the math and flags deductions, so you’re ready for tax time. Bookkeeping Expenses and receipts are automatically tracked, organized, and categorized for you. Contractor management Send unlimited payments with no per-contractor fees and easily collect the tax forms you need. 1 Set money aside for taxes automatically We’ll estimate your quarterly taxes and set money aside when you get paid. 2 Find write-offs without lifting a finger When you use your Found card,² Found automatically categorizes your expenses so you don’t have to. ²The Found Mastercard Business debit card is issued by Lead Bank pursuant to a license from Mastercard Inc. and may be used everywhere Mastercard debit cards are accepted. 3 Manage your cash flow, your way Organize your money into sub accounts and pay directly from them. 1 Set money aside for taxes automatically We’ll estimate your quarterly taxes and set money aside when you get paid. 2 Find write-offs without lifting a finger When you use your Found card,² Found automatically categorizes your expenses so you don’t have to. The Found Mastercard Business debit card is issued by Lead Bank pursuant to a license from Mastercard Inc. and may be used everywhere Mastercard debit cards are accepted. 3 Manage your cash flow, your way Organize your money into sub accounts and pay directly from them. Work faster and smarter with Found Assistant AI-POWERED Ask any questions, any time “What’s my income this month?” Delegate time-consuming tasks “Create an invoice to send to Sarah” Stay tax-ready “How much have I set aside for taxes?” Found does not provide legal or tax advice. Found assistant is in beta and can make mistakes. Users are advised to consult with professionals with specific advice. Found does not provide legal or tax advice. Found assistant is in beta and can make mistakes. Users are advice to consult with professionals with specific advice. Ask any questions, any time “What’s my income this month?” Delegate time-consuming tasks “Create an invoice to send to Sarah” Ask any questions, any time “How much have I set aside for taxes?” Found does not provide legal or tax advice. Found assistant is in beta and can make mistakes. Users are advised to consult with professionals with specific advice. Found does not provide legal or tax advice. Found assistant is in beta and can make mistakes. Users are advice to consult with professionals with specific advice. Ask any questions, any time “What’s my income this month?” Delegate time-consuming tasks “Create an invoice to send to Sarah” Ask any questions, any time “How much have I set aside for taxes?” Found does not provide legal or tax advice. Found assistant is in beta and can make mistakes. Users are advised to consult with professionals with specific advice. Found does not provide legal or tax advice. Found assistant is in beta and can make mistakes. Users are advice to consult with professionals with specific advice. Work faster and smarter with Found Assistant AI-POWERED Ask any questions, any time “What’s my income this month?” Delegate time-consuming tasks “Create an invoice to send to Sarah” Stay tax-ready “How much have I set aside for taxes?” Found does not provide legal or tax advice. Found assistant is in beta and can make mistakes. Users are advised to consult with professionals with specific advice. Found does not provide legal or tax advice. Found assistant is in beta and can make mistakes. Users are advice to consult with professionals with specific advice. Over 750K small business owners have chosen Found SEE WHY 4.8 App Store over 26K ratings 4.7 Google Play over 16K reviews 4.5 TrustPilot over 1K reviews “Found has been a godsend for me and our business - it pretty much does everything.” Review by Cub L. INCLUSIVE THERAPY GROUP “It has been so helpful with keeping track of all the aspects of my business and it feels nice to have everything in one place. I would give Found a 10 out of 10.” Review by Dominique J. INFINITE GROWTH COUNSELING & COACHING, LLC “I love how it takes taxes out immediately so I don't have to think about it. I'm a social worker, not a business major. So it takes all the guess work out of it.” Review by Heather K. LICENSED CLINICAL SOCIAL WORKER | HEADWAY Bring order to your finances with Found at the core Get started Banking Mastercard® business debit card² Direct deposit Check and cash deposits Wires and check payments⁸ Contractor payments Sub-accounts Learn more → Bookkeeping Expense and income tracking Custom rules and tags¹³ Receipt scanning Invoicing Import external transactions Financial reports Learn more → Taxes Automatic write-offs Tax form generation Tax estimates Tax payments¹⁰ 1099 form filing Mileage tracking Learn more → Contractor management Unlimited payments No per-contractor fees Flexible payment methods Collect W-9s Free 1099-NEC generation Free 1099-NEC filing Learn more → ²The Found Mastercard Business debit card is issued by Lead Bank pursuant to a license from Mastercard Inc. and may be used everywhere Mastercard debit cards are accepted. ⁵Subject to eligibility requirements, applicable terms and conditions, and service fees. See Terms of Service and Lead Account Terms for more details. ¹⁰Tax payments are available for Found Plus subscribers ($19.99/month or $149.99/ year) who file a Schedule C. ²The Found Mastercard Business debit card is issued by Lead Bank pursuant to a license from Mastercard Inc. and may be used everywhere Mastercard debit cards are accepted. ⁵Subject to eligibility requirements, applicable terms and conditions, and service fees. See Terms of Service and Lead Account Terms for more details. ⁸Domestic wire transfers are available for a fee. Read Found Fee Schedule . ¹⁰Tax payments are available for Found Plus subscribers (for $19.99/month or $149.99/year) and Found Pro subscribers (for $80/month or $720/year) who file a Schedule C. ¹³Found customers can create 1 custom expense rule, 1 custom tag, and 1 custom category for free. Unlimited rules, tags, and categories available with Found Plus (for $19.99/month or $149.99/year) and Found Pro (for $80/month or $720/year). Take a product tour See Found in action—get a high-level overview of our key features. Start tour Placeholder Placeholder Placeholder Frequently Asked Questions Who is Found for? Why do I need a business checking account? Will my Found account have a routing number? Where can I use my Found debit card? Can I add my business name to my Found debit card? Which apps can I connect to my Found account? Can I link my Found card to Apple Pay or Google Pay? How can I fund to my Found account? How does Found automatically categorize expenses? Can Found help me identify relevant tax deductions and write-offs? Can I use the Found app to actually pay taxes too? I currently use another accounting tool. Do Found’s bookkeeping tools work with other platforms? How much does it cost to send invoices through Found? What forms of payment can I accept with Found invoices? How much does it cost to use Found contractor management? Security Data encryption and secure infrastructure Two-factor authentication (2FA) Comprehensive fraud monitoring Sign up in as little as 5 minutes. Easy sign up No credit check No minimum balance No maintenance fees Scan to download the Found app. Found is available on iOS, Android, and desktop. Get started Get started One platform to manage your business finances PRODUCTS Banking Bookkeeping Taxes Invoices FEATURES Online Business Checking Automated Bookkeeping Real-Time Insights Fast Transfers & Deposits Contractor Management Budget & Save with Pockets For Accountants RESOURCES Resource Hub Help Center Security Free Invoice Generator Fund Your Account COMPANY Team Careers Partnerships Press Legal Have Questions? Email our support team: help@found.com Follow Us Found is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services are provided by Lead Bank, Member FDIC. The funds in your account are FDIC-insured up to $250,000 per depositor for each account ownership category. FDIC insurance only covers the failure of an FDIC-insured depository institution. ²The Found Mastercard Business debit card is issued by Lead Bank pursuant to a license from Mastercard Inc. and may be used everywhere Mastercard debit cards are accepted. ³Found's core features are free. Found also offers two optional paid products, Found Plus for $19.99/month or $149.99/year and Found Pro for $80/month or $720/year. ⁴Optional subscriptions to Found Plus for $19.99/month or $149.99/year or Found Pro for $80/month or $720/year. There are no monthly account maintenance fees, but other fees such as transactional fees for wires, instant transfers, and ATM apply. Read Found Fee Schedule. ⁵Subject to eligibility requirements, applicable terms and conditions, and service fees. See Terms of Service and Lead Account Terms for more details. ⁸Domestic wire transfers are available for a fee. Read Found Fee Schedule. ¹⁰Tax payments are available for Found Plus subscribers (for $19.99/month or $149.99/year) and Found Pro subscribers (for $80/month or $720/year) who file a Schedule C. ¹³Found customers can create 1 custom expense rule, 1 custom tag, and 1 custom category for free. Unlimited rules, tags, and categories available with Found Plus. ¹⁷Cash Back Terms and Conditions apply. The information on this website is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, tax or legal advice. Found partners with various providers to enable you to compare offers from participating institutions, such as lending, filing service, and insurance providers. Found is not a lender, a filing service, nor an insurance provider. This website contains advertisement of Found and third party products and services. According to Nerdwallet, Found is the best banking option for self-employed business owners. ( Source ) Terms of Service ・ Privacy Policy ・ Accessibility statement ・ © 2025 Found Found is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services are provided by Lead Bank, Member FDIC. Get started Found is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services are provided by Lead Bank, Member FDIC.