About WRITER | Founders, leadership, and values Request a demo Product Solutions Research Plans Customers Resources Request a demo Sign in PLATFORM WRITER Agent AI Studio Palmyra LLMs Knowledge Graph Trust & security Capabilities Build Create agents with shared tools for IT and business Activate Find and use AI agents all in one place Supervise Govern and observe agents at scale NEW PLAYBOOK The agentic AI governance playbook: An enterprise framework for AI supervision, observability, and trust Download now INDUSTRIES Financial services Healthcare & life sciences Retail & consumer goods Technology DEPARTMENTS Finance HR Legal Marketing Sales Support USE CASES Content supply chain Customized portfolio reporting Generative search and GEO Inventory management Automated invoice processing Field productivity NEW WHITEPAPER The Agentic Compact: A new social contract between human-agent collaboration Download now Best of 2025 A comprehensive collection of our top content on agentic AI Explore RESOURCES Writer’s Room blog Engineering blog Guides Podcast: Humans of AI Events & webinars AI Agent Library The world’s enterprise AI pioneer WRITER is where the world’s leading enterprises orchestrate AI-powered work. Our vision is to expand human capacity through superintelligence. And we’re proving it’s possible – through powerful, trustworthy AI that unites IT and business teams together to unlock enterprise-wide transformation. We’re creating a world where you can dream bigger and build faster From better clinical trials to faster product launches to deeper financial research, companies are transforming their most important business processes for the AI era in partnership with WRITER. Learn about our end-to-end platform to build, activate, and supervise AI agents that are grounded in your company data and fueled by our powerful family of LLMs. Purpose-built for the enterprise For over ten years, WRITER co-founders May Habib and Waseem AlShikh have been hard at work solving complex enterprise problems with cutting-edge technology. In 2013, united by a passion for machine translation, they started their first company together to dynamically localize enterprise content. As they began experimenting with transformers, they saw an enormous opportunity to redefine how people work. In 2020, May and Waseem launched WRITER to bring the power of generative AI to the enterprise. WRITER’s teams have a single goal: to build AI that puts human potential and flourishing at the core. Today, hundreds of the world’s leading enterprises trust WRITER and its family of LLMs to bring together the best of AI and the best of their people. FOUNDERS May Habib Waseem AlShikh OFFICES San Francisco (HQ) 111 Maiden Ln, 4th Floor San Francisco, CA 94108 New York 1 Pennsylvania Plaza, Suite 1820 New York, NY 10119 London 14 Bird St, 2nd Floor London W1U 1BU Chicago 625 W Adams St, 19th Floor Chicago, IL 60661 Austin 600 Congress Ave, Office 15017 Austin, TX 78701 SOCIAL Founders May Habib CEO & Co-founder Waseem AlShikh CTO & Co-founder Leadership Andy Shorkey Chief Revenue Officer Diego Lomanto Chief Marketing Officer Roger Kopfmann Chief Financial Officer Kevin Chung Chief Strategy Officer Jevan Lenox Chief People Officer Maureen Little SVP, Partners & Ecosystem Maiko Cook VP, Operations Andrew Racine VP, Demand Generation & Growth Alex Wettreich VP, Sales Doris Jwo Head of Product Rohan Vaidya VP, People & Talent Rowan Reynolds General Counsel Brian O’Reilly GM of International Dan Bikel Head of AI Melisa Russak Head of Machine Learning Muayad Ali Director of Engineering James Lee Head of GTM Operations & Strategy Matan-Paul Shetrit Head of Developer Product Investors Advisors Doug Pepper General Partner ICONIQ Growth Jamie Barnett Investor & Advisor Radhika Venkatraman Senior Advisor Cerberus Capital Management Whit Bouck Managing Director Insight Partners Growth Advisory Board Ajay Dhaul SVP Global Data, Applied AI & Digital Business Transformation Kenvue Casey Santos Chief Information Officer Jennifer Manry Principal, Corporate Systems & Technology Vanguard Nishith Desai Managing Director, Investment Banking Engineering Goldman Sachs Sathish Muthukrishnan Chief Information, Data and Digital Officer Ally Scott Spradley Chief Technology Officer Lennar Corporation Siddhartha Bala CIO, Data & Analytics/Head of Public Cloud BNY Mellon Teresa Tung Senior Managing Director Accenture Customer Advisory Board Anna Griffin Chief Market Officer Commvault Jessica Bergmann VP, Global Content & Social Marketing Salesforce Marc Appel Managing Director, Content & Editorial Strategy Accenture Our promise WRITER is building AI that compresses the time between “dream it” and “build it.” This means the barriers to innovation have begun falling away. Now, it’s clear that teams across enterprises can quickly create solutions that generate high-quality insights, answer important questions, and do important work — all in compliance with their company brand, laws, and regulations. With WRITER, organizations aren’t just transforming work to realize massive productivity improvements, democratize information, and accelerate time to market — but people within those organizations are learning more quickly, communicating more clearly, and elevating their own performance. Starting with May’s and Waseem’s early vision, and now across the entire team at WRITER, our promise is to center people in all that we do, empowering them to create their own solutions, address their unique challenges, and solve problems faster than they ever thought possible. We’re hiring across every role, and if you share our vision of AI helping every human achieve their potential, join us. Our values Our success depends on the strength of our relationships. We strive to understand and respect each other on a human level. We listen actively to our customers, partners, and teammates, and we’re intentional about building shared understanding. We challenge each other to do our best work. We hold each other to the highest bar. We don’t shy away from conflicting points of view, and believe diverse perspectives lead to the best outcomes. Regardless of role, we’re all owners, which means we think big and bold. We’re not here for tactical solutions or quick band-aids. Sure, we’re action-oriented, but we act with an eye towards what’s best for the long-term. We’re hiring Check out the open positions Learn more about WRITER News & press Find out about our latest achievements, and catch up on our press coverage. Learn more Blog Get our product updates, industry content, and generative AI best practices. Learn more Customers See how companies use WRITER to accelerate growth, increase productivity, and ensure governance. Learn more