About Crusoe | Accelerating the abundance of energy and intelligence NEW! Crusoe Cloud now offering Managed Inference. Explore now Crusoe Cloud now offering Managed Inference. Explore now Our mission: Accelerate the abundance of energy and intelligence Contact sales Join us Crusoe is powering a world where people can build ambitiously with AI — without sacrificing on scale, speed, or sustainability. Pioneering sustainable AI infrastructure Crusoe is powering the AI revolution with an energy-first approach to AI infrastructure. We’re vertically integrated, meaning we find innovative energy sources, build and manage hyperscale AI factories, and offer a scalable AI cloud platform. Crusoe provides the foundational AI infrastructure so our customers can build the future faster. Meet the team Our story A look back at how we’ve pioneered a new category of energy-first computing. 2025 Launch Crusoe Managed Inference , powered by our proprietary inference engine with Crusoe MemoryAlloy technology. Raise $1B+ Series E to accelerate large-scale AI factories and expand Crusoe Cloud. Acquire GPU memory optimization startup Atero and establish Tel Aviv office Announce 1.8 GW Wyoming data center with Tallgrass. Partnering with Redwood Materials , we launch Crusoe Spark modular AI data centers powered by the world's largest second-life EV battery system. Partner with GE Vernova to power future AI factories with gas turbines. Expand our GPU cloud offering via new AMD collaboration . Divest our bitcoin mining business to NYDIG to focus exclusively on AI infrastructure. 2024 Close our $600M Series D round and announce the General Availability of Crusoe Cloud with support from partners including NVIDIA. Broke ground on Stargate , our 1.2 gigawatt data center campus in Abilene, Texas, marking the start of one of the world's most powerful AI factories. 2023 Expand our data center footprint to Europe with a sustainable geothermal and hydro-powered Crusoe Cloud deployment in Iceland. We publish our first ESG Report . 2022 Close our $350M Series C round to accelerate our expansion, scaling our infrastructure footprint for high performance computing. 2021 Close our $128M Series B to expand our patented Digital Flare Mitigation® technology nationwide, proving the scalability of our solution. 2019 Series A funding builds the financial foundation for us to scale our mission. 2018 Crusoe is founded with an energy-first approach, pioneering technology to convert wasted natural gas into energy for high-performance computing. 2025 Launch Crusoe Managed Inference , powered by our proprietary inference engine with Crusoe MemoryAlloy technology. Raise $1B+ Series E to accelerate large-scale AI factories and expand Crusoe Cloud. Acquire GPU memory optimization startup Atero and establish Tel Aviv office Announce 1.8 GW Wyoming data center with Tallgrass. Partnering with Redwood Materials , we launch Crusoe Spark modular AI data centers powered by the world's largest second-life EV battery system. Partner with GE Vernova to power future AI factories with gas turbines. Expand our GPU cloud offering via new AMD collaboration . Divest our bitcoin mining business to NYDIG to focus exclusively on AI infrastructure. 2024 Close our $600M Series D round and announce the General Availability of Crusoe Cloud with support from partners including NVIDIA. Broke ground on Stargate , our 1.2 gigawatt data center campus in Abilene, Texas, marking the start of one of the world's most powerful AI factories. 2023 Expand our data center footprint to Europe with a sustainable geothermal and hydro-powered Crusoe Cloud deployment in Iceland. We publish our first ESG Report . 2022 Series C round accelerates our expansion, scaling our infrastructure footprint for high performance computing. 2021 Series B round expands our patented Digital Flare Mitigation® technology nationwide, proving the scalability of our solution. 2019 Series A funding builds the financial foundation for us to scale our mission. 2018 Crusoe is founded with an energy-first approach, pioneering technology to convert wasted natural gas into energy for high-performance computing. Our values Think like a mountaineer Your goals are achievable, but require intense preparation, focus on safety, accurate forecasting, always thinking ahead, and mastery of your tools. Move fast and  make things Velocity, more than any other attribute, will determine which people, companies and nations are able to push forward the frontier of AI innovation and which will be left behind. Bend the arc of energy toward sustainability We see incredible emissions reductions and environmental benefits accruing from both the use of AI-enabled innovations as well as datacenter-led investment into breakthrough energy and environmental solutions. Tap into the  collective genius Our greatest ideas are strengthened through vigorous debate and a persistent focus on finding ways to make them better. With our customers, we build together and win forever Earning customer trust is a process of long-term relationship building, honoring commitments, offering more value than we capture, and anticipating customer needs before they arise. Live on the infinite growth loop We work to free ourselves from perceived limits and adopt a mentality of continuous self improvement. Are you ready to build something amazing? Explore careers