Company — Column Products Infrastructure ACH Full access to ACH rails Wire Complete control of FedWire Book Transfers Instant transfers - 24/7 Ledger A scalable system of record Bank Accounts Fully programmable FDIC-insured accounts Card Programs Customizable card network access Checks Automatic check acceptance and processing Realtime The newest payment rail from the Federal Reserve and The Clearing House International Wires Direct access to Swift and international routing Lending Loan Origination Flexible lending partnerships Debt Financing Capital to scale your lending business Loan Purchase Outright loan sale to Column Developers Documentation Start building with our robust APIs Sandbox and Testing Data models ACH Wire Book Transfers and Holds Checks International Wires Getting Started Quickly get up to speed Use case guides Launch financial products using our APIs Changelog Follow the latest changes to the Column API Status Monitor our heartbeat Blog Company Products ACH Wire Book Transfers Ledger Bank Accounts Card Programs Checks Realtime International Wires Loan Origination Debt Financing Loan Purchase Developers Documentation Getting Started Use case guides Changelog Status Blog Company Company Hi. We're Column. We're a different type of bank that enables builders and developers to create incredible financial products and services for their users Our inbound phone traffic is bananas. At Column we use computers, so we use sticky notes for other things. Financial services have changed, are changing, and will continue to change — for the better. Now is the time for finance to be customer and internet first. But in order to do this — it needs a new backbone. We were always told that banks can't be software companies. Everyone tried fixing the problem by building abstractions, middleware, and additional layers of technical bloat. We have spent our careers founding and building companies like Plaid, Square, and Affirm experiencing this problem first hand. The existing solutions don't work. We believe that a bank needs to be a software company. But we had to start from ground zero. We highly recommend Central Banking 101 by Joseph Wang — double points for reading upside down. Caption contest! Email hi@column.com to submit. We started building Column in 2019 and launched in 2022 . Every single component has been built from the ground up — with no middleware or legacy software. We are purpose-built to power financial services for the next hundred years. We are a bit of a weird company — not your standard tech or finance company. We are 100% founder and employee owned , profitable, and we don't hire a lot . Over time, we will make this particular page more impressive, but at this time we are focused on shipping for our customers. If you'd like to work together check out our open roles . We have fun here! Meet the founder William Hockey is the CEO of Column. Prior to Column he co-founded Plaid, a $13b+ financial infrastructure company. He sits on the board of Plaid and Scale . Rumors abound that he exclusively eats carbs — confirmation outstanding. Products ACH Wire Realtime Book Transfers Checks Bank Accounts Loan Origination Loan Purchase Card Programs Debt Financing Developers Documentation Changelog Company About Blog Careers Press Security Privacy Notice Column N.A. Member FDIC Privacy Notice Privacy Policy