Blog — Column Products Infrastructure ACH Full access to ACH rails Wire Complete control of FedWire Book Transfers Instant transfers - 24/7 Ledger A scalable system of record Bank Accounts Fully programmable FDIC-insured accounts Card Programs Customizable card network access Checks Automatic check acceptance and processing Realtime The newest payment rail from the Federal Reserve and The Clearing House International Wires Direct access to Swift and international routing Lending Loan Origination Flexible lending partnerships Debt Financing Capital to scale your lending business Loan Purchase Outright loan sale to Column Developers Documentation Start building with our robust APIs Sandbox and Testing Data models ACH Wire Book Transfers and Holds Checks International Wires Getting Started Quickly get up to speed Use case guides Launch financial products using our APIs Changelog Follow the latest changes to the Column API Status Monitor our heartbeat Blog Company Products ACH Wire Book Transfers Ledger Bank Accounts Card Programs Checks Realtime International Wires Loan Origination Debt Financing Loan Purchase Developers Documentation Getting Started Use case guides Changelog Status Blog Company Blog Blog Changelog Product Credit at Column Three new capital products to simplify how companies offer, scale, and manage credit. Brian Fishbein Oct 3rd, 2025 Three new capital products to simplify how companies offer, scale, and manage credit. Company Debugging equity The game fundamentally changed over the past few years, and the rules were never rewritten. Melissa Niedrich Sep 14th, 2025 The game fundamentally changed over the past few years, and the rules were never rewritten. Product Realtime payments Column's Realtime payments product is now available in the United States William Hockey May 13th, 2025 Column's Realtime payments product is now available in the United States News Announcing Column Announcing Column – the only nationally chartered bank built to enable developers and builders to create new financial products. William Hockey Apr 21st, 2022 Announcing Column – the only nationally chartered bank built to enable developers and builders to create new financial products. News Hiring We don't hire a lot. We think by having a small, aggressive, fast team means we can grow bigger faster. We plan to keep it that way. William Hockey Apr 21st, 2022 We don't hire a lot. We think by having a small, aggressive, fast team means we can grow bigger faster. We plan to keep it that way. News Funding So we’re a bit of a weird company. We are 100% founder and employee owned, and are funded with our own money and profits. William Hockey Apr 21st, 2022 So we’re a bit of a weird company. We are 100% founder and employee owned, and are funded with our own money and profits. Latest from the changelog View all entries Oct 31st, 2025 Summer 2025 / Part 2 Major changes and updates from the summer. Part two. Read more Sep 30th, 2025 Summer 2025 / Part 1 Major changes and updates from summer. Part one. Read more May 31st, 2025 May 2025 Major changes and updates from May. Read more Products ACH Wire Realtime Book Transfers Checks Bank Accounts Loan Origination Loan Purchase Card Programs Debt Financing Developers Documentation Changelog Company About Blog Careers Press Security Privacy Notice Column N.A. Member FDIC Privacy Notice Privacy Policy