About us | Our mission, founders, and more! | Snorkel AI Snorkel helps build Terminal-Bench 2.0. Learn more Get started Get a demo Search result for: About us In the world of enterprise AI, specialization is key. While big generalist models are gaining mass-market attention, we believe an enterprise's data is the key to AI's true potential. That’s why we’ve pioneered the shift from manual data labeling to programmatic data development for AI. This approach empowers enterprises to use their proprietary data to build production-quality, specialized AI models, faster and cheaper. Snorkel in the news Press Snorkel AI Raises $100 Million To Build Better Evaluators For AI Models May 29, 2025 Press The most innovative companies in artificial intelligence for 2025 Mar 18, 2025 Press For AI Giants, Smaller is Sometimes Better Jul 6, 2024 Trusted by the Fortune 500 and beyond World-leading enterprises use Snorkel Flow to remove AI roadblocks and unlock new possibilities and better performance. Systems built with Snorkel’s technology process billions (and trillions) of queries, records, images, and more at industry titans across the private and public sectors. Rooted in research Revolutionizing AI Snorkel AI’s founders spent half a decade researching programmatic labeling, weak supervision, and other techniques to break through one of the biggest bottlenecks in AI: the lack of labeled training data. Our research team has continued this work, resulting in 170+ peer-reviewed publications. Snorkel has developed and deployed its technology with Google, Apple, DARPA, Stanford Medicine, and more. Learn more about our founding story on Forbes Our Mission Make AI data development programmatic , like any other type of software development. Our investors Building a world-class team At Snorkel AI, we’re growing a unique team of passionate and creative individuals. We strive to foster a diverse community of colleagues that welcomes, represents, and empowers all. We're as dedicated to communication and mutual support as we are to crafting a world-class product. We cultivate autonomy across the entire team by being open about our goals, wins, and challenges. We get to answers fast, focusing on what works—not what’s fancy. Join us