Find Careers in AI | Snorkel AI Careers Get started Get a demo Search result for: Careers at Snorkel Build the future of AI with us. See open positions Why Snorkel Help us redefine how AI is built. Our mission: Empower everyone to solve their most impactful problems with data-centric AI. We work with some of the world’s largest organizations to empower data scientists and subject matter experts to build specialized AI fueled by their data and expertise, fast. Current job openings Reset filters Team Engineering Finance Operations - Data-as-a-Service Product Professional Services Location Mexico New York City Redwood City San Francisco United States Washington Engineering Principal Software Engineer – AI Platform Redwood City, CA (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid) Finance Director of FP&A New York City, NY (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid) Head of Business Operations New York City, NY (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid) Head of Revenue Operations New York City, NY (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid) Operations - Data-as-a-Service Delivery Operations Manager Mexico (Remote); New York City, NY (Hybrid); Redwood City, CA (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid); United States (Remote) Forward Deployed Engineer - Data-as-a-Service New York City, NY (Hybrid); Redwood City, CA (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid) Head of Forward-Deployed Engineering, DaaS New York City, NY (Hybrid); Redwood City, CA (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid) Instructional Designer, Enablement Mexico (Remote) Instructional Designer, Enablement New York City, NY (Hybrid); Redwood City, CA (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid); United States (Remote) Learning Experience Developer, Enablement Mexico (Remote) Learning Experience Developer, Enablement New York City, NY (Hybrid); Redwood City, CA (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid); United States (Remote) Manager, Delivery Operations Mexico (Remote); New York City, NY (Hybrid); Redwood City, CA (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid); United States (Remote) Manager, Technical Delivery Mexico (Remote); New York City, NY (Hybrid); Redwood City, CA (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid); United States (Remote) Product Operations Lead New York City, NY (Hybrid); Redwood City, CA (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid); United States (Remote) Technical Delivery Manager Mexico (Remote); New York City, NY (Hybrid); Redwood City, CA (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid); United States (Remote) Product Staff Product Manager – Marketplace Redwood City, CA (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid) Professional Services Applied AI Engineer - AI Solutions Redwood City, CA (Hybrid); San Francisco, CA (Hybrid) Applied AI Engineer- Federal Washington, D.C. (Remote) Life at Snorkel Shape the future of AI while developing your career. Join a unique and diverse team that is as committed to developing every team member as we are to developing our product. We're passionate whiteboarders, brainstormers, and builders exploring the edges of what’s possible with AI and delivering real value to organizations across the globe. Build AI’s next act Every team at Snorkel is at the forefront of shaping the future of AI while helping our customers ship impactful applications to production. Do your best work Join a supportive team with the resources you need to do your best work. Have fun From team outings to quarterly hack-a-thons to community events, we like to have fun while we redefine AI! Learn and grow We support and encourage all Snorkelers to continue to grow in their expertise and careers as we build the future of AI together. Want to learn more about working at Snorkel AI? Contact careers@snorkel.ai Snorkel benefits Health Snorkelers and their dependents are covered by comprehensive medical, dental, and vision plans. Wellness All Snorkelers get a yearly wellness stipend to use on anything related to health and well-being. PTO and rest days We provide unlimited personal time off so you can find your work-life balance. Plus, two company-wide rest days per quarter in addition to company holidays. One global team From our headquarters in Redwood City, CA, to regional offices in San Francisco and New York, we work together as one global team. Events Get to know your fellow Snorkelers outside of work! We host regular events and learning opportunities for our teams across our offices and virtually to connect, have fun, and grow. Family leave Snorkel offers generous parental leave for both birthing and non-birthing parents based on eligibility. Join us! We’re on the lookout for inquisitive and inventive minds to help us redefine how AI is built. View open roles