Snorkel AI – Expert Data Snorkel helps build Terminal-Bench 2.0. Learn more Get started Get a demo Search result for: Shaping how AI learns through better data The AI Data Research Lab Snorkel develops the datasets, benchmarks, and evaluation methods that help AI and agentic systems learn, adapt, and perform in the real world. Expert data services Custom AI solutions Proud to partner with leading frontier AI companies Anthropic is committed to working with innovators like Snorkel to ensure AI systems are refined, reliable, and aligned to enterprise needs. Kate Jensen, Head of Revenue, Anthropic Snorkel Expert Data Services 100x faster data curation. 40x faster model delivery. 99% model accuracy. AI data development with Snorkel Advancing how AI learns—through expert data, applied research, and scalable technology. Data development services Our researchers, data engineers, and domain experts collaborate to develop high-quality, domain-specific datasets for your unique use cases and goals. Curated and benchmarked to accelerate your AI and agentic system performance. Explore expert data services Applied AI solutions Collaborate with Snorkel’s applied research team to co-develop specialized models, evaluation frameworks, and data pipelines with your organization. Together, we build the datasets and metrics that define and refine your real-world AI performance. Work with our lab Expert data contributor community Become part of Snorkel’s global community of domain experts who help curate, refine, and test the quality of datasets. Collaborate with our researchers and applied AI teams to shape how data teaches intelligent systems. Learn more Coding Business & law Finance Health & medicine STEM inside the lab Where data engineering meets applied AI We combine programmatic data development with hands-on research to explore what makes AI learn effectively. Check out our open benchmarks, datasets, publications, and RL environments that shape the future of intelligent systems. featured benchmark SnorkelFinance See the benchmark View all benchmarks featured dataset Insurance Underwriting Try on Explore expert data services featured research paper Automating benchmark design Read the paper Explore all research featured rl environment FinQA reasoning environment Try on PrimeIntellect Learn more Partner with our research lab to build and evaluate systems that perform where it matters most—in the real world. Contact us