Mercor Blog | Insights on AI, Hiring, and Remote Work APEX Research Blog Log in APEX Research Blog Dec 13, 2025 Expanding the AI Productivity Index (APEX) Doubling the size of the AI Productivity Index to better measure AI models’ economic value. Brendan Foody Co-founder / CEO Continue reading → Dec 9, 2025 Introducing the AI Consumer Index AI Consumer Index tests what people actually want AI to do across shopping, food, gaming and DIY, created by experts from the Mercor platform. Brendan Foody Co-founder / CEO Oct 27, 2025 Unlocking Human Potential in the AI Economy Announcing Mercor's $350 million Series C at a $10 billion valuation. Brendan Foody Co-founder / CEO Oct 24, 2025 Big things Our focus to deliver on a mission to unlock human potential. Brendan Foody Co-founder / CEO Oct 1, 2025 Introducing APEX: The AI Productivity Index A New Benchmark Measuring the Economic Impact of AI Brendan Foody Co-founder / CEO Sep 15, 2025 The Economy will Become an RL Environment Machine While everyone fears job loss, we’re creating a new category of knowledge work faster than any other time in history. The future of work will converge on training agents. Brendan Foody Co-founder / CEO Jul 17, 2025 Why I Joined Mercor People often ask why I left a burgeoning career in law to work for Mercor... Nancy Fairbank Strategic Projects Lead Jul 15, 2025 Mercor Graduate Fellowship Winners At Mercor, we connect graduate-level experts with meaningful, well-paid work that leverages their domain knowledge, while providing AI labs with access to our highly specialized and trusted network of talent. Adarsh Hiremath Co-founder / CTO Jun 30, 2025 Welcome to The Era of Evals Reinforcement Learning (RL) is driving the most exciting advancements in AI. RL is becoming so effective that models will be able to saturate any evaluation. This means that the primary barrier to applying agents to the entire economy is building evals for everything. However, AI labs are facing a dire shortage of relevant evaluations. Brendan Foody Co-founder / CEO May 8, 2025 Why I Joined Mercor Throughout my career, I’ve been drawn to foundational challenges. The kind that, if solved right, can transform the biggest systems in the world. With each technological shift–web, cloud, mobile, and now AI–we’ve seen a new class of category-defining companies emerge. Srini Rajagopal VP Engineering Mar 3, 2025 The Secret Mercor Master Plan Imagine a world where Jeff Bezos is a hedge fund investor, Howard Shultz is a salesman, and Reed Hastings is a teacher. That was the world we lived in, not so long ago. These are the jobs they were doing before they found the best use for their talents. Brendan Foody Co-founder / CEO Feb 20, 2025 Announcing Mercor's Series B Mercor is the global allocator for extraordinary human talent in the AI economy, and one of the fastest growing companies in Silicon Valley history. We’ve just raised a $100M Series B to solve the hardest problem in capitalism: matching human ability to its greatest use. Brendan Foody Co-founder / CEO Jan 10, 2024 Introducing Mercor: Redefining Hiring With AI Today, we're excited to announce $3.6M in funding and the launch of our fully-automated platform, which uses AI to assess and match talent with companies. Our round is led by General Catalyst and includes participation from Scott Sandell (Chairman, CEO and CIO of NEA) and others. Brendan Foody Co-founder / CEO Mercor San Francisco, CA © 2025 Mercor Mercor San Francisco, CA © 2025 Mercor For companies Get in touch For candidates Apply Payment Stories Human data Guide Process Data pipelines Incentives For candidates Apply Payment Stories Contact [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] Company Careers Blog Company Careers Blog