Free AI Voice Generator & Voice Agents Platform | ElevenLabs Skip to content Log in Sign up Sign up The most realistic voice AI platform AI voice models and products powering millions of developers, creators, and enterprises. From low‑latency conversational agents to the leading AI voice generator for voiceovers and audiobooks. Sign up Contact Sales Text to Speech Agents Music Speech to Text Dubbing Voice Cloning ElevenReader Samara Narrate a story Play 2 speakers Create a dialogue Play Announcer Voiceover a game Play Sergeant Play a drill sergeant Play Spuds Recount an old story Play Jessica Provide customer support Play In the ancient land of Eldoria, where skies shimmered and forests, whispered secrets to the wind, lived a dragon named Zephyros. [sarcastically] Not the “burn it all down” kind... [giggles] but he was gentle, wise, with eyes like old stars. [whispers] Even the birds fell silent when he passed. 294 / 1000 Samara Narrate a story 2 speakers Create a dialogue Announcer Voiceover a game Sergeant Play a drill sergeant Spuds Recount an old story Jessica Provide customer support English Play Powered by Eleven v3 (alpha) Experience the full Audio AI platform Sign up Trusted by leading developers and enterprises Talk to Sales Read Stories Play Play Play The most expressive text to speech model Our AI voice generator delivers emotional depth and rich delivery, setting a new standard in expressive speech. Available now in Alpha. Discover Eleven v3 Sign up Enter your message Agents Platform Speak to your customers with natural, human-sounding AI that feels truly personal. Discover Agents Platform Contact sales For creators, media & entertainment Generate high-quality audio with our AI voice generator for audiobooks, videos, and podcasts Audiobooks Upload your ePub or PDF, pick your characters, direct the delivery, and publish high-quality multi-voice audiobooks. Get started free Play uses Studio for high-quality, long-form Text to Speech at scale Get started free Video voiceovers Select the ideal voice or clone your own. Generate ads, shorts, or films with our AI voice generator. Create Voice Over Play powers realistic voices for avatars with ElevenLabs Create Voice Over Dubbed videos Translate into 30+ languages while preserving the speaker’s voice. Dub with one click or use Dubbing Studio for full control. Get started free Play uses dubbing to localize his content Get started free Podcasts Use Voice Isolator to clean up any recording, or Text to Speech to generate short segments or full podcasts with multiple speakers. Get started free Play uses ElevenLabs to make podcasts Get started free Music Generate studio-quality tracks instantly, any genre, any style, vocals or instrumental, in minutes using simple text prompts. Try the AI Music Generator Play Make the perfect song for any moment Try the AI Music Generator Audiobooks Upload your ePub or PDF, pick your characters, direct the delivery, and publish high-quality multi-voice audiobooks. Video voiceovers Select the ideal voice or clone your own. Generate ads, shorts, or films with our AI voice generator. Dubbed videos Translate into 30+ languages while preserving the speaker’s voice. Dub with one click or use Dubbing Studio for full control. Podcasts Use Voice Isolator to clean up any recording, or Text to Speech to generate short segments or full podcasts with multiple speakers. Music Generate studio-quality tracks instantly, any genre, any style, vocals or instrumental, in minutes using simple text prompts. Play uses Studio for high-quality, long-form Text to Speech at scale Get started free Play powers realistic voices for avatars with ElevenLabs Create Voice Over Play uses dubbing to localize his content Get started free Play uses ElevenLabs to make podcasts Get started free Play Make the perfect song for any moment Try the AI Music Generator Used by millions of the best creators Create content faster with Voice Cloning Michael Caine Voice over your videos with Text to Speech Andrew Huberman Create AI audiobooks with Studio Arianna Huffington Translate your content with Dubbing Matthew McConaughey Get started For Developers Build the most advanced audio models into your product with our APIs and SDKs Text to Speech API Independently rated the leading Text to Speech models. Choose Multilingual v2 for lifelike consistent speech; eleven_v3 for emotionally rich and expressive speech; or Flash v2.5 for the lowest latency. All support 29+ languages. IIFlash 75ms latency for conversational usecases IIMultilingual Best lifelike consistent speech IIv3 Our most expressive model yet Speech to Text API The most accurate ASR model . Low cost and supporting speaker diarization and character level timestamps. 98% Accuracy $0.22 /hour on the business plan Voice Changer API The leading Voice Changer model. Give your users full control over delivery of timing, inflection and emotion through voice control 1000+ Voices 29+ Languages Input Output Agents Build and deploy AI voice agents on web, mobile, or telephony in minutes with low latency and full configurability. Low latency Advanced turn taking Bring any LLM Function calling 31 languages Take phone calls 1000s of voices Try a call Easy to use APIs that scale The leading AI audio models, robust, scalable and quick to integrate. Python and TypeScript SDKs Get to production quickly GDPR & SOC II compliant Secure and compliant Read the docs For enterprises Deliver new experiences and save costs for your enterprise CALL CENTERS & CUSTOMER SERVICE Power inbound and outbound AI calls at scale, for customer support, customer service, and sales. Deliver higher quality interactions at a lower cost. Talk to Sales Decagon elevates customer experiences with AI voice agents Talk to Sales AI ASSISTANTS Give voice to your AI assistants. Get to production in days not weeks with low-latency and ultra-realistic interactions. Scale with full control over the LLM. Talk to Sales Voice-first AI powered by ElevenLabs Talk to Sales EDUCATION TECHNOLOGY Build more engaging experiences with Conversational AI. Take learning to a new level and support 29+ languages with the highest quality voices. Talk to Sales Chess.com gives their virtual chess teacher a voice Talk to Sales MEDIA CREATION TOOLS Build AI audio into your media creation platform. Give your users the highest-quality voices, control over delivery with voice changer, and royalty-free sound effects. Talk to Sales Realistic AI video presentations now Talk to Sales CALL CENTERS & CUSTOMER SERVICE Power inbound and outbound AI calls at scale, for customer support, customer service, and sales. Deliver higher quality interactions at a lower cost. AI ASSISTANTS Give voice to your AI assistants. Get to production in days not weeks with low-latency and ultra-realistic interactions. Scale with full control over the LLM. EDUCATION TECHNOLOGY Build more engaging experiences with Conversational AI. Take learning to a new level and support 29+ languages with the highest quality voices. MEDIA CREATION TOOLS Build AI audio into your media creation platform. Give your users the highest-quality voices, control over delivery with voice changer, and royalty-free sound effects. Decagon elevates customer experiences with AI voice agents Talk to Sales Voice-first AI powered by ElevenLabs Talk to Sales Chess.com gives their virtual chess teacher a voice Talk to Sales Realistic AI video presentations now Talk to Sales Our Investors AI safety at ElevenLabs ElevenLabs is the leader in responsible use of AI audio through Moderation, Accountability and Provenance. Learn more Breakthrough Research ElevenLabs was the first company to cross the threshold of making human-like text to speech. About us Latest updates All updates Product Product Introducing ElevenLabs Image & Video Within ElevenLabs, you can now bring ideas to life in one complete creative workflow. Use leading models like Veo, Sora, Kling, Wan and Seedance to create high-quality visuals, then bring them to life with the best voices, music, and sound effects from ElevenLabs. Company Company ElevenLabs Welcomes Matthew McConaughey as New Investor At ElevenLabs’ inaugural Summit, the company revealed that Academy Award-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has been a part of ElevenLabs story for years – as an investor, early supporter, and now, as a customer. Product Product Announcing Partnership with Sir Michael Caine to Newly Launched Iconic Marketplace At today’s Summit, ElevenLabs announced a partnership with British cultural icon and award-winning actor Sir Michael Caine. Caine’s voice will be available on the ElevenReader app, and on the newly launched Iconic Marketplace. Voice chat Powered by ElevenLabs Agents Chat ElevenLabs Create with the highest quality AI Audio Get started free Already have an account? Log in