Mobile Games | Online Games | Free-to-play | Carry1st Play Carry1st Games Play, learn, and earn with awesome games from Carry1st! Discover more MPL Naija Pro Board game Play Ludo Dice and Snakes and Ladders and win prizes now Discover Mergedom: Home Design & Merge Puzzle House Makeover Room Decor Game Discover EverMerge Lite: Merge 3 Puzzle Puzzle EverMerge Lite is a magic world that gets bigger and better with each discovery. Discover Mancala Adventures Board game Ancient board game with a new twist! Discover Mobile Premier League Card Game Play Whot, Ludo, Cards & Win Cash Discover Mine Rescue! Puzzle Idle Mining & Digging Escape! Discover Africa Glam: Fashion & Drama Simulation Hollywood Choices & Love Life Discover what Players say about Carry1st Games Amelia Grobler Mine Rescue Player Review Oh what fun!! Reminds me a little of lemmings of old as well as a few bits of fun we had with old cartoon strip drawing. The dynamics seem sound and functional and sound, straightforward. I like the problem solving aspect and I have not been swamped with adds yet, so great!! Joanne Lubbe Africa Glam Player Review One of the best games I have played and still playing. Already on level 256 😍 To the developers and staff who helped make this game awesome, THANK YOU so much. Plus making purchases is so easy as well😍 I play this game morning till night, can't stop❤️ Keep up the good work. Montel Ofili Mine Rescue Player Review WOW....this is the best game ever! I don't want to ever stop playing it because it takes my boredom away when I play it. I recommend it as a stress reliever. I play it morning, afternoon, and night before I sleep. If my phone was water proof, I would also play it when I shower or swim! Check Out the Carry1st Shop Buy Diamonds, Gems, Points, Passes, Subscriptions, and Vouchers for your favourite mobile games, dating apps, and lifestyle services. Safe purchases, instant delivery, and 24/7 customer support. Shop now Follow us on: Quick Links Home Blog Publishers Games Copyright © 2025 Carry1st All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service GAMES PARTNER COMMUNITY COMPANY CONTACT Shop Now