About TabaPay | Instant Money Movement For Fintech Innovators En English Français TabaPay - There And Back Again Payments Our Story When we were founded in 2017, instant payments were (and still sometimes are) perceived as too costly, complex, or risky. Because of this, many businesses were still using slower, more traditional payment methods such as ACH or checks. When creating TabaPay, we set out to meet the dramatic economic shift towards instant, online transactions; and we built a new platform from the ground up for real-time money movement ...read more By owning the process end-to-end, we eliminate middlemen, resulting in a more reliable and lower cost platform for our clients. We make life easier for our clients by guiding them through their payment journeys, to get their money There And Back Again. Taking things full circle, The Hobbit, or There and Back Again combined with payments is the origin of our name and to this day, we “never laugh at live dragons” ...read less Diversity Diversity of thought and origin are core to who we are and how we operate. We are proud to be a female majority and are welcoming to people of all backgrounds. We have purposely developed an inclusive culture and are looking to expand and grow in a diverse way. View Careers 12 different nationalities and countries of origin 50% of employees identify as women or non-binary 65% of leadership team identifies as women or non-binary Co-Founders Rodney Robinson Chief Executive Officer & Co-Founder Rodney is a 3x founder and CEO, who has sold companies to Intuit and Mastercard. During his 40+ year career, he pioneered a number of innovative payment solutions including bill pay, instant card payments and consumer-initiated ACH payments at IBM, Intuit, and Mastercard. In his spare time, he is an avid runner. Marvin CTO & Co-Founder Marvin is a seasoned technology leader with over 30 years of experience. Previously, he was CTO and co-founder of payments company, Omney, and CEO and founder of Financial Internet Solutions, a technology consulting company. Manoj Verma CRO & Co-Founder Manoj is an experienced sales executive with over 20 years of experience in the Financial Services and Consumer internet sectors. He has previously held leadership positions at Amazon, Yahoo!, and IAC. Manoj earned his MBA in Finance from Wharton School of Business. In his spare time, Manoj enjoys thrill seeking sports and loves supporting philanthropic causes. Erin Andrea Data and Networks Erin is a product executive with over 18 years of experience in Financial Services and Payments. At Discover Financial, she pioneered PIN-less debit and credit push products. She previously held senior positions at First Data and Bank of New York Mellon. When she’s not building payment products, Erin enjoys hiking through rainforests and holds a black belt in Aikido. Tim Astanov Commercialization Tim is a product executive with over 15 years of experience in Financial Services and Payments. Most recently, he managed P2P payments and vertical expansion for Visa Direct. Previously, Tim held various senior leadership positions at Discover Financial Services and InteliSpend. He holds an Executive MBA from Olin Business School. He enjoys traveling and outdoor sports. Aparna Girish Product Aparna has dedicated her professional life of almost two decades to payments and has been granted several patents. Her expertise includes all major payment types, biometric payments, e-Commerce tokenization, and digital checkout. While at Visa, she helped define standards for QR payments and secure remote commerce. She is a supporter of the Alameda County Food Bank. Isaac Greenberg Finance Isaac comes from a Fintech investment banking background. He began his career at FT Partners focusing on Fintech M&A and capital raises. He was the lead analyst on the Softbank deal through which he met the founding team at Tabapay. He holds a bachelor’s in Finance from Yeshiva University. When not working Isaac loves to follow the markets and run. Grace Liu Compliance Grace has over 20 years of experience in technology, most recently leading Compliance and AML-related initiatives at innovative Fintech companies. She joined from Mastercard, where she developed and led Send product’s due diligence and approval process. She is active in her community and has served on the board of several educational and healthcare nonprofits. Rebecca Mengesha Treasury Rebecca has over 15 years of experience leading Finance and Accounting at various payments companies, including Omney / Mastercard and Obopay. At TabaPay, she specializes in managing daily settlement and accounting at payment companies. In her spare time, she enjoys watching movies and spending time with her family. Maggie O’Toole Partner Success Maggie is an established leader with over a decade of experience in payments focusing on strategic partnerships and building teams. Most recently, at Onbe, she helped position the company as an industry leader, leveraging partner capabilities to support emerging opportunities and growth plans in untapped markets. All while being instrumental in getting the company to the next level during a successful M&A strategy. Christine Pham HR Christine is an experienced Human Resources professional with over 10 years of experience in a variety of HR disciplines including recruiting, benefits administration and employee administration. Christine graduated from UC, Davis and is certified as a Professional in Human Resources through the HRCI. In her spare time, you will find her cheering on her favorite sports team or taking a dance cardio class. Jason Tinder Marketing Jason leads marketing efforts at TabaPay. He is a naturally curious technologist and communicator with over 20 years of experience marketing innovative technology in payments, energy, and software. Previously, Jason led product marketing at PULSE, and held global leadership positions with EMGS and RSI. He is an active volunteer in the community who enjoys cooking for his family and walks with his dogs. Neera Verma Client Success Neera leads customer success and technical onboarding where she is focused on helping our clients successfully onboard with TabaPay. She previously worked at Omney / Mastercard, Merrill Lynch, and Price Waterhouse Consulting and was a former software developer. Outside of work, Neera loves to travel and is an avid NFL fan. Co-Founders Rodney Robinson CEO & Co-Founder Marvin CTO & Co-Founder Manoj Verma CRO & Co-Founder Erin Andrea Data and Networks Tim Astanov Commercialization Aparna Girish Product Isaac Greenberg Finance Grace Liu Compliance Rebecca Mengesha Treasury Dan Meyers Legal Maggie O’Toole Partner Success Christine Pham HR Jason Tinder Marketing Neera Verma Client Success Rodney Robinson Rodney is a 3x founder and CEO, who has sold companies to Intuit and Mastercard. During his 40+ year career, he pioneered a number of innovative payment solutions including bill pay, instant card payments and consumer-initiated ACH payments at IBM, Intuit, and Mastercard. In his spare time, he is an avid runner. Marvin Marvin is a seasoned technology leader with over 30 years of experience. Previously, he was CTO and co-founder of payments company, Omney, and CEO and founder of Financial Internet Solutions, a technology consulting company. Manoj Verma Manoj is an experienced sales executive with over 20 years of experience in the Financial Services and Consumer internet sectors. He has previously held leadership positions at Amazon, Yahoo!, and IAC. Manoj earned his MBA in Finance from Wharton School of Business. In his spare time, Manoj enjoys thrill seeking sports and loves supporting philanthropic causes. Erin Andrea Erin is a product executive with over 18 years of experience in Financial Services and Payments. At Discover Financial, she pioneered PIN-less debit and credit push products. She previously held senior positions at First Data and Bank of New York Mellon. When she’s not building payment products, Erin enjoys hiking through rainforests and holds a black belt in Aikido. Tim Astanov Tim is a product executive with over 15 years of experience in Financial Services and Payments. Most recently, he managed P2P payments and vertical expansion for Visa Direct. Previously, Tim held various senior leadership positions at Discover Financial Services and InteliSpend. He holds an Executive MBA from Olin Business School. He enjoys traveling and outdoor sports. Aparna Girish Aparna has dedicated her professional life of almost two decades to payments and has been granted several patents. Her expertise includes all major payment types, biometric payments, e-Commerce tokenization, and digital checkout. While at Visa, she helped define standards for QR payments and secure remote commerce. She is a supporter of the Alameda County Food Bank. Isaac Greenberg Isaac comes from a Fintech investment banking background. He began his career at FT Partners focusing on Fintech M&A and capital raises. He was the lead analyst on the Softbank deal through which he met the founding team at Tabapay. He holds a bachelor’s in Finance from Yeshiva University. When not working Isaac loves to follow the markets and run. Grace Liu Grace has over 20 years of experience in technology, most recently leading Compliance and AML-related initiatives at innovative Fintech companies. She joined from Mastercard, where she developed and led Send product’s due diligence and approval process. She is active in her community and has served on the board of several educational and healthcare nonprofits. Rebecca Mengesha Rebecca has over 15 years of experience leading Finance and Accounting at various payments companies, including Omney / Mastercard and Obopay. At TabaPay, she specializes in managing daily settlement and accounting at payment companies. In her spare time, she enjoys watching movies and spending time with her family. Dan Meyers To change. Maggie O’Toole Maggie is an established leader with over a decade of experience in payments focusing on strategic partnerships and building teams. Most recently, at Onbe, she helped position the company as an industry leader, leveraging partner capabilities to support emerging opportunities and growth plans in untapped markets. All while being instrumental in getting the company to the next level during a successful M&A strategy. Christine Pham Christine is an experienced Human Resources professional with over 10 years of experience in a variety of HR disciplines including recruiting, benefits administration and employee administration. Christine graduated from UC, Davis and is certified as a Professional in Human Resources through the HRCI. In her spare time, you will find her cheering on her favorite sports team or taking a dance cardio class. Jason Tinder Jason leads marketing efforts at TabaPay. He is a naturally curious technologist and communicator with over 20 years of experience marketing innovative technology in payments, energy, and software. Previously, Jason led product marketing at PULSE, and held global leadership positions with EMGS and RSI. He is an active volunteer in the community who enjoys cooking for his family and walks with his dogs. Neera Verma Neera leads customer success and technical onboarding where she is focused on helping our clients successfully onboard with TabaPay. She previously worked at Omney / Mastercard, Merrill Lynch, and Price Waterhouse Consulting and was a former software developer. Outside of work, Neera loves to travel and is an avid NFL fan. Investors Careers View Openings