Integrated Features to Improve Payments and Payouts | TabaPay En English Français Customize your program with our suite of integrated features Remove friction from your payments experience without compromising on security or compliance Authentication and Fraud Mitigation TabaPay Shield™ can help you minimize risk without sacrificing customer experience Apple Pay/Google Pay A frictionless and secure way for users to make payments. 3DS Use device and user data to authenticate legitimate transactions. AVS Confirm address information to reduce fraud. Compliance Compliance can be a daunting task, but we have tools to reduce the burden. PCI compliance Protect your customers’ card information and reduce your PCI scope by securely transmitting to TabaPay. Tokenization TabaPay tokenizes all PANs to offload PCI scope for merchants without an added cost. AML Daily AML reports with customizable triggers. Self-Service Portal A single source of truth for all your reporting needs: Reports and invoices Card entry Transaction status research Detailed daily and monthly reporting An intuitive interface to analyze individual and summaries of transactions, interchange, network assessments, processing fees, and total paid to merchant. Show the full details of any and every transaction with full cost transparency Export reports and invoices for easy reconciliation Manage users to ensure the right people within your organization can respond to customer requests Banks and ISOs can manage and view sub merchants Utilize a PCI-compliant virtual terminal for: One-off payments Enable customer service representatives to accept PCI-compliant one-off payments Payouts Immediately fund loans or process a failed disbursement to an alternative payment method Request for payment Send a request for payment to customers via text message or email Easily check the status of a transaction in real-time Enable customer service agents to search for a transaction and help troubleshoot issues with transactions Provide better service to your customers and mitigate excessive retry fees with an easy way to search transactions Show the full details of what transpired along with decline codes Channels Omnichannel payouts and payments In app Transactions with a PCI-compliant iframe Online Transactions with a PCI-compliant iframe Virtual terminal A PCI-compliant virtual terminal for one-off payments, payouts or request for payments In-person Conduct transactions in-person with several terminals Frictionless payment experiences for your customers Apple Pay/Google Pay Simplified customer experience with lower fraud and chargeback rates Apple Pay and Google Pay provide a frictionless, seamless and secure way for users to make payments with supported devices. Users can complete payments or payouts with a single tap that has enhanced authentication and no lengthy forms required. Enabling Apple Pay and Google Pay can improve customer experiences and boost transaction performance. Account updater Update card-on-file automatically When storing payment credentials on behalf of your users, an unexpected change can significantly impact your business. In the event a card is lost, stolen or expired, the TabaPay Account Updater works in real-time to ensure your credentials-on-file are valid. Authorization rates Best-in-class authorization rates for a variety of use cases Based on our expertise in payments, we proactively route transactions based on the issuer, use case, authentication parameters and other factors. Clients often see an uplift in authorization rates and improved user experiences with TabaPay.