Blog Introducing Shared Spaces. Read the announcement :Harvey: Login Request a Demo Platform Assistant Ask questions, analyze documents, and draft faster with domain-specific AI. Vault Securely store, organize, and bulk-analyze legal documents. Knowledge Research complex legal, regulatory, and tax questions across domains. Workflows Run pre-built workflows or build your own, tailored to your firm’s needs. Microsoft Integrations Legal intelligence for contract review, drafting, emails, and documents in Word, Outlook, and SharePoint. Partnerships Explore our product and go-to-market partners pushing the boundaries of what's possible for our joint customers. Introducing Workflow Builder Design and deploy customizable workflows designed to capture your firm’s differentiators and deliver high-quality legal work. Solutions Innovation Scale expertise and impact to drive firmwide transformation. In-House Streamline work and shift focus to strategy and speed. Transactional Accelerate due diligence, contract analysis, and review with precision and control. Litigation Reduce manual effort, prioritize strategy, and drive stronger outcomes in litigation. Collaboration Work with legal teams across organizations in secure, shared spaces. Macfarlanes | Harvey How Macfarlanes partners with Harvey. Customers Security Resources Blog Product updates, insights, and behind-the-scenes from the Harvey team. Videos The latest solutions videos, expert insights, and product updates from the Harvey team. Press Kit Resources for maintaining a uniform and professional presentation of the Harvey brand. Work Without Boundaries: The AI Platform for Legal Work Harvey now works where you work — across your tools, devices, organizations, and throughout your matters. It's AI that matches the reality of how legal professionals actually practice. About Company About Harvey, our leadership, and career opportunities. Newsroom Press releases and partnership announcements. Harvey's Momentum in Q3 In Q3, we celebrated major customer wins, introduced product breakthroughs, and expanded our global presence. Most importantly, we continued to deepen our commitment to building the best AI solutions for our customers. Request a Demo Login US EU AU Blog Product updates, insights, and behind-the-scenes from the Harvey team. All Insights Company Technical Product Announcements December 4, 2025 Strengthen Firm and Client Relationships With Shared Spaces Strengthen Firm and Client Relationships With Shared Spaces Harvey Team December 12, 2025 For Pierre Zickert, Legal AI Adoption is About Momentum, Not Perfection Harvey Team December 11, 2025 Building in Active Guardrails With GPT-5.2 Harvey Team December 11, 2025 Raising the Bar With Harvey Harvey Team December 10, 2025 How Agentic Search Unlocks Legal Research Intelligence at Harvey Multiple Authors December 9, 2025 The Brief: December 2025 Harvey Team December 8, 2025 Harvey’s Integration With NetDocuments Intelligent DMS Harvey Team December 4, 2025 Andreessen Horowitz Leads $160M Investment in Harvey Winston Weinberg Gabe Pereyra December 2, 2025 How our In-House Legal Team Uses Harvey to Work Smarter John LaBarre November 27, 2025 Alex Bazin on Empowering Teams With Legal AI Harvey Team November 24, 2025 Harvey In Practice: How to Build a Case Chronology From Emails Harvey Team November 21, 2025 Contract Intelligence: A Scaled Benchmark for Measuring Contract Understanding Karl de la Roche November 20, 2025 Resolve Complex Work Faster With Email Harvey Harvey Team November 18, 2025 Gemini 3 Pro Public Preview: Results From Early Access Evaluations Harvey Team November 18, 2025 Harvey’s Improved Word Experience Understands How You Work Harvey Team November 14, 2025 Karen Buzard is Shaping the Future of Law Through Responsible AI Harvey Team November 14, 2025 How We Approach Design at Harvey Shawn Farsai Bjørn Rostad November 13, 2025 GPT-5.1, Now Live in Harvey Harvey Team November 13, 2025 Harvey Expands Law School Program to the United Kingdom Harvey Team