Harvey – Company Introducing Shared Spaces. Read the announcement :Harvey: Login Request a Demo Platform Assistant Ask questions, analyze documents, and draft faster with domain-specific AI. Vault Securely store, organize, and bulk-analyze legal documents. Knowledge Research complex legal, regulatory, and tax questions across domains. Workflows Run pre-built workflows or build your own, tailored to your firm’s needs. Microsoft Integrations Legal intelligence for contract review, drafting, emails, and documents in Word, Outlook, and SharePoint. Partnerships Explore our product and go-to-market partners pushing the boundaries of what's possible for our joint customers. Introducing Workflow Builder Design and deploy customizable workflows designed to capture your firm’s differentiators and deliver high-quality legal work. Solutions Innovation Scale expertise and impact to drive firmwide transformation. In-House Streamline work and shift focus to strategy and speed. Transactional Accelerate due diligence, contract analysis, and review with precision and control. Litigation Reduce manual effort, prioritize strategy, and drive stronger outcomes in litigation. Collaboration Work with legal teams across organizations in secure, shared spaces. Macfarlanes | Harvey How Macfarlanes partners with Harvey. Customers Security Resources Blog Product updates, insights, and behind-the-scenes from the Harvey team. Videos The latest solutions videos, expert insights, and product updates from the Harvey team. Press Kit Resources for maintaining a uniform and professional presentation of the Harvey brand. Work Without Boundaries: The AI Platform for Legal Work Harvey now works where you work — across your tools, devices, organizations, and throughout your matters. It's AI that matches the reality of how legal professionals actually practice. About Company About Harvey, our leadership, and career opportunities. Newsroom Press releases and partnership announcements. Harvey's Momentum in Q3 In Q3, we celebrated major customer wins, introduced product breakthroughs, and expanded our global presence. Most importantly, we continued to deepen our commitment to building the best AI solutions for our customers. Request a Demo Login US EU AU Company Accelerating Professional Mastery Blending deep industry knowledge with cutting-edge innovation, Harvey is built to help professionals develop expertise, faster. Combining Legal and AI Expertise Winston Weinberg CEO & Co-Founder Past: Litigation at O'Melveny Gabe Pereyra President & Co-Founder Past: Research Scientist at DeepMind Supported by World-Class Investors What We Offer At Harvey, your well-being is our priority. Our benefits package is designed to support your health and financial security. Comprehensive health, dental, and vision insurance Company-sponsored retirement plan and competitive 401(k) match Paid parental leave Flexible time off Growth and development opportunities, including an annual professional development stipend State bar fee reimbursement Lunch and dinner provided daily in the office