About Us | Figure Menu Button Get started today! Find my rate Stop video Building the future of capital markets with blockchain Reducing costs and increasing efficiency in the private credit marketplace across consumers, origination partners, and investors. BBB RATING: A+ Trustpilot rating: 4.8 out of 5 stars Opens in a new window. Money.com: Best Home Equity Lenders of 2025 Opens in a new window. Our vision Be the premier vertically integrated capital markets trading platform for consumer assets — and beyond. A market leader with a history of firsts $ 20 B+ In equity unlocked for homeowners 170+ B2B partners, including banks, credit unions, fintechs, home improvement companies, and more $50M First sale of Crypto-Backed Loan pool to Janus Henderson 1st SEC-approved interest-bearing stablecoin #1 Non-bank HELOC lender in U.S. 40% Of HELOC volume transacted on Figure Connect 75% Market share in real-world asset tokenization AAA S&P- and Moody's-rated HELOC Securitizations led by Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan, Barclays, and Jefferies Liquidity built for the future, available today. Figure uses blockchain technology to reduce cost, improve speed, and expand products for consumers and institutions. Homeowner lending Partner lending Democratized Prime Opens in a new window. YLDS stablecoin Opens in a new window. Leadership Go to the LinkedIn profile of Michael Tannenbaum , Figure's CEO Opens in a new window. Go to the LinkedIn profile of Macrina Kgil , Figure's Chief Financial Officer Opens in a new window. Go to the LinkedIn profile of Todd Stevens , Figure's Chief Capital Officer Opens in a new window. Go to the LinkedIn profile of Ron Chillemi , Figure's Chief Legal Officer Opens in a new window. Go to the LinkedIn profile of Matt Hellwinkel , Figure's Chief Technology Officer Opens in a new window. Go to the LinkedIn profile of Clare Hove , Figure's Chief Operating Officer Opens in a new window. Go to the LinkedIn profile of Mike Cagney , Figure's Co-Founder, Executive Chairman Opens in a new window. Go to the LinkedIn profile of June Ou , Figure's Co-Founder, Advisor, Board Member Opens in a new window. Visit our investor relations site Opens in a new window. Awards & recognition Fintech 50 Most Innovative Fintech Startups Opens in a new window. Forbes , 2025 Most Innovative Companies in Finance & Personal Finance Opens in a new window. Fast Company , 2025 Best Overall HELOC, Best Online Experience Opens in a new window. Investopedia , 2025 Best HELOC of 2025 Opens in a new window. Money.com , 2025 Most Innovative Blockchain, Crypto, Metaverse, & Web3 Companies Opens in a new window. Fast Company , 2024 Join our team Careers at Figure We're looking for exceptional people with passion for accelerating innovation, ensuring customer success and leading with integrity and ethics. View open roles Press Media & speaking requests: press@figure.com Opens in a new window. Post published by Figure . 90 days later — Reflecting on Figure’s IPO . Company Voices , published December 11, 2025 by author | Michael Tannenbaum, CEO of Figure Post published by Figure . Figure and Leading Crypto Partners Launch RWA Consortium for Onchain Finance on Solana . Announcement , published December 4, 2025 by author | Debra Jack, VP of Communications and Content Post published by . Figure wants to bring the mortgage market on-chain — and Washington is paying attention . Opens in a new window. In The News , published December 4, 2025 View all news & press Visit our blog Homeowner stories Hear from real people who have transformed their lives with a little help from Figure. See all homeowner stories Enhancing Lending Speed with AI We were already a fast HELOC - now we're even faster. Powered by partnerships with OpenAI's GPT, Google Gemini, and other leading AI providers, it's a game-changing evolution for the lending industry. Join the future of lending with Figure Lower costs Slashed processing costs 20X in 2025 alone. Unmatched efficiency Time savings and efficiency growth elevates our partner and customer experiences. Lightning-fast transactions Approval in less than 5 minutes 2 : Navigates to numbered disclaimer by removing manual processes.