Careers | Figure Menu Button Get started today! Find my rate Join our team Careers at Figure We're looking for exceptional people with passion for accelerating innovation, ensuring customer success and leading with integrity and ethics. View open roles BBB RATING: A+ Trustpilot rating: 4.8 out of 5 stars Opens in a new window. Money.com: Best Home Equity Lenders of 2025 Opens in a new window. Good people, shared values, & a supportive environment Our goal is to create a culture and environment that lets you do your best work. Figure is a place to be inspired, to be appreciated, to push the envelope and team up on challenges that matter most to our customers. We build everything around that so that our employees can succeed, grow, and stay healthy. Awards & recognition Fintech 50 Most Innovative Fintech Startups Opens in a new window. Forbes , 2025 Most Innovative Companies in Finance & Personal Finance Opens in a new window. Fast Company , 2025 Best Overall HELOC, Best Online Experience Opens in a new window. Investopedia , 2025 Best HELOC of 2025 Opens in a new window. Money.com , 2025 Most Innovative Blockchain, Crypto, Metaverse, & Web3 Companies Opens in a new window. Fast Company , 2024 We're proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer We are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect. All aspects of employment and advancement are decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. We believe an open and inclusive environment enables people to do their best work This helps us innovate, build great products, forge lasting partnerships, and deliver exceptional customer experiences. There's a collective passion and motivation at Figure, especially these days as the company vision evolves into a reality. There's a massive opportunity to be entrepreneurial and take ownership here. The culture at Figure is truly inclusive and the people have a vested interest in your success. You are empowered to make an impact, pursuing a career that is both personally fulfilling and valuable to the company. The company has one of the best blends of workplace cultures I have ever been a part of. Previous slide Next slide Slide 1 of 5 All open roles Our offices San Francisco, CA New York, NY Reno, NV St. Louis, MO Charlotte, NC Company News & Press Post published by Figure . 90 days later — Reflecting on Figure’s IPO . Company Voices , published December 11, 2025 by author | Michael Tannenbaum, CEO of Figure Post published by Figure . Figure and Leading Crypto Partners Launch RWA Consortium for Onchain Finance on Solana . Announcement , published December 4, 2025 by author | Debra Jack, VP of Communications and Content Post published by . Figure wants to bring the mortgage market on-chain — and Washington is paying attention . Opens in a new window. In The News , published December 4, 2025 View all news & press Visit our blog