Figure - America's #1 Non-Bank HELOC Lender Menu Button Get started today! Find my rate Stop video Unlock home equity for all your needs. Home renovation, debt consolidation, new business ventures, and more. Find my rate $ 20 B in equity unlocked with Figure's platform 201K + households served with Figure's platform 100 % online application process The #1 non-bank home equity line of credit in the U.S. * : Navigates to bottom disclaimer BBB RATING: A+ Trustpilot rating: 4.8 out of 5 stars Opens in a new window. Money.com: Best Home Equity Lenders of 2025 Opens in a new window. Approval in as little as 5 minutes . Funding in as few as 5 days . 2 : Navigates to numbered disclaimer Easy online notary services in most locations with expert support. We've got you covered. Easier approvals, better terms, and lower rates. Figure's HELOC offers greater borrowing flexibility compared to personal loans. 4 : Navigates to numbered disclaimer Borrow up to $ 750,000 . 5 : Navigates to numbered disclaimer Lock in a lower rate than personal loans, with the option to redraw up to 100%. Find my rate Fast approval & funding Competitive rates & payments Up to $750k Stop Tabs auto-rotation Approval in as little as 5 minutes . Funding in as few as 5 days . 2 : Navigates to numbered disclaimer Easy online notary services in most locations with expert support. We've got you covered. Find my rate Easier approvals, better terms, and lower rates. Figure's HELOC offers greater borrowing flexibility compared to personal loans. 4 : Navigates to numbered disclaimer Find my rate Borrow up to $ 750,000 . 5 : Navigates to numbered disclaimer Lock in a lower rate than personal loans, with the option to redraw up to 100%. Find my rate Explore more ways to use your HELOC Whether it's revitalizing your home, consolidating high-interest debts, investing in education, or fueling the growth of your business, a HELOC empowers you to turn aspirations into realities. Home improvement Fund your business Debt consolidation Education Solar panels Convenient loan, no hassle. Convenient loan, no hassle. Needed money for tuition, bills, etc and in 5 days I got the money. Thank you so much. You are a big help financially to my problem. Written by customer — Flordeliza M. Painless way to borrow money Written by customer — Laurence J. Figure was a breath of fresh air... Written by customer — Steve M. Quick and painless HELOC Written by customer — Margaret H. Excellent 4,018 reviews on Trustpilot reviews Opens in a new window. Discover our story & revolutionary technology Through the integration of cutting-edge technology, Figure's platform fosters more transparent and efficient capital markets, bolstered by the growing pool of assets originated on its platform. About us Get started with a HELOC Apply online in minutes, with funding in as few as 5 days . 2 : Navigates to numbered disclaimer Enjoy competitive rates, 6 : Navigates to numbered disclaimer skipping in-person appraisals to get the funds you need, fast. Find my rate Join our partnership ecosystem Offer your customers a HELOC through our seamless partnership ecosystem, tailored to strengthen relationships and meet their needs with speed and efficiency. Learn more Still have questions? Enhancing Lending Speed with AI We were already a fast HELOC - now we're even faster. Powered by partnerships with OpenAI's GPT, Google Gemini, and other leading AI providers, it's a game-changing evolution for the lending industry. Join the future of lending with Figure Lower costs Slashed processing costs 20X in 2025 alone. Unmatched efficiency Time savings and efficiency growth elevates our partner and customer experiences. Lightning-fast transactions Approval in less than 5 minutes 2 : Navigates to numbered disclaimer by removing manual processes.