Join our team - SentiLink Product overview Use cases Company Resources Alliances GET STARTED Careers Join the fraud patrol. SEE OPEN POSITIONS 3M+ Identities verified by our tech and team each day. We want to give you the opportunity to change your life. Foundations for success We have everything we need to make SentiLink a generational company. We’re well capitalized, our products have a clear ROI, we prioritize happy customers, and we’ve built an R&D engine that’s the envy of the industry. Behaviors you can be proud of We live our values. We respect each other’s time and judgment. We invest in building relationships. We look after our people. At every level of the organization, we work as a team and rise together. The best place to work We offer purposeful work, opportunities for ownership and development, and an environment for innovative ideas through our culture of collaboration and feedback. It’s our goal to make SentiLink the best place you’ve ever worked. Our values help us make decisions day-to-day. 0 1 . Follow through If you say you'll do something then do it. Be on time. Hit deadlines. Uphold SLAs. Meet goals. 0 2 . Whatever it takes Do whatever it takes to make us successful. Bring urgency and intensity. Grind. Hustle. Win. 0 3 . Deep understanding Master our domain and your environment. Review cases. Don't BS. Know the details. 0 4 . Do something smart Have brilliant ideas. Take ownership. See the big picture. When faced with ambiguity, do something smart. " SentiLink offers services that solve real, tangible problems. We help protect the US financial system against criminals that create billions of dollars in losses and who harm consumers in the process. We've created a high-performance culture where everyone pulls their weight and you know you can trust other people to follow through on their commitments. " Vivek Ahuja , Head of Enterprise Sales & Alliances With SentiLink since 2019 " What I love most about working at SentiLink are the people - we are a group of folks who are passionate about our products and partners. I have never worked with a group of people that are so so smart, committed, and open to collaboration. " Robby Perry , Fraud Advisor With SentiLink since 2021 Just some of the perks. Remote work (with meetups) While many of us work remotely, we all still meet in person regularly to build relationships and a shared sense of purpose. 401(k) match Enjoy a leading 401(k) plan with employer matching. Flexible time off Take the necessary personal time you need without having to count the days. Health benefits 100% employer-paid medical, dental, and vision plans that cover you and your dependents. Home office stipend Get set up with the equipment and environment you need to do your best work. Parental leave Our parental leave covers birthing parents for 14 weeks and non-birthing parents for 10 weeks — fully paid. Join the SentiLink team. See open positions Learn how we can help. Schedule a demo with a fraud expert and evaluate our solutions. GET A DEMO