SentiLink: The fraud experts Product overview Use cases Company Resources Alliances GET STARTED Your partner in solving identity theft. Leading financial institutions use SentiLink’s forward-thinking solutions to stop identity fraud at the point of application. Get a demo See how it works Trusted by leading financial institutions and fintechs 11/15 Top Banks 6/10 Top Credit Unions 50+ Fintech Unicorns Why SentiLink Expert-backed and fraud-ready. Fraud evolves, but so do we. Our dedicated team of Risk Analysts continually reviews cases — combining human intelligence and expertise with licensed and proprietary data to drive our machine learning models. Deeper understanding With a deep understanding of fraud, our team of risk analysts provides human context to any insight we surface. Helping you understand details at a case level and identify more fraud. Best-in-class solutions Stop more fraud and approve customers confidently with signals aligned to appropriate treatment strategies. Our products are tailored to distinct fraud types and adapt to an ever-changing landscape. Responsive, fast, bespoke Partner with a team that provides high-touch service and support, and enjoy flexible configurations and integrations so you can tailor our products to fit your unique needs — not the other way around. Our products Reveal finer details and the bigger picture. SentiLink provides precise tools for your identity and risk challenges. Our suite of products target fraud at the point of application, without compromising your customer experience. Learn more Use cases Don’t let fraud slow you down. Gain accurate, real-time insights about identity for use cases spanning the financial services landscape. Use SentiLink to deliver best-in-class products to your customers, while mitigating fraud losses. Deposit accounts Credit cards & lending Buy now, pay later Deposit accounts From traditional checking accounts to digital wallets, minimize abusive and fraudulent behavior in new and existing accounts. Credit cards & lending Provide credit cards as well as consumer, auto, and business loans to more legitimate customers while blocking synthetic fraud, identity theft, and first-party fraud. Buy now, pay later Make it easy for customers to access flexible financing. Leave identity fraud checks to us. 1 / 3 Deposit accounts From traditional checking accounts to digital wallets, minimize abusive and fraudulent behavior in new and existing accounts. 2 / 3 3 / 3 Your fraud and risk partner. Loading testimonials... Connect Work your way with flexible integration options. Get started easily via our API or through one of our many alliance partners, with solutions tailored to your individual needs. LEARN MORE WANT TO PARTNER? Fraud resource library Shining a spotlight on fraud. See all resources Blog The Complicated Landscape of Assumed Identity Fraud December 21, 2023 Read Article Blog Building Blocks to Improve Fraud Detection and Enhance Modeling September 18, 2023 Read Article Security Enterprise-grade security, built-in. Data security is our top priority. We maintain a secure environment for processing, storing, and transmitting your customers’ data, with strict controls related to data security. Learn more Learn how we can help. Schedule a demo with a fraud expert and evaluate our solutions. GET A DEMO