SentiLink | Fraud and identity solutions for financial institutions Product overview Use cases Company Resources Alliances GET STARTED Product overview Verification, risk mitigation, and fraud prevention (in one place) Fraudsters find new tricks. Risk evolves. Keeping ahead of these ever-changing challenges doesn’t need to be difficult. SentiLink’s products catch things that traditional solutions can’t. Get a demo Fraud and identity solutions, with a difference. Gain actionable intelligence on your applicants with highly accurate scores and data insights. The difference? Better solutions, informed by our team of expert fraud analysts, who are there to help your team every step of the way. Prevent more fraud Stop identity fraud and first-party fraud that traditional solutions can’t. Reduce financial losses Flag high-risk applications and uncover hidden credit risks to prevent financial losses. Streamline onboarding Use SentiLink without adding hurdles or friction to your onboarding experience. Leverage best-in-class tools Access flexible solutions suited to your compliance and risk needs, in partnership with our team of fraud experts. Fraud and risk solutions Unmask fraud and paint a precise picture of your customers. Receive scores for synthetic fraud and identity theft — all in real-time. Synthetic Fraud Score Detect synthetic identities with unparalleled accuracy and catch edge cases that would normally go unnoticed. Learn more ID Theft Score Identify traditional forms of identity theft and stay on top of changing tactics. ID Theft Score Synthetic Fraud Score Detect synthetic identities with unparalleled accuracy and catch edge cases that would normally go unnoticed. Learn more ID Theft Score Identify traditional forms of identity theft and stay on top of changing tactics. ID Theft Score eCBSV Treat suspected synthetics and confirm true identities. Validate name/DOB/SSN combinations with consumer consent directly with the Social Security Administration — in real-time — with the first provider in history to offer eCBSV. LEARN MORE Loading testimonials... CIP & Watchlists Balance your approval rates and compliance requirements SentiLink uses comprehensive data sources and configurable field matching to help institutions onboard more customers while meeting their regulatory needs LEARN MORE Data and insights Enhance risk systems with easy-to-action signals. Use raw identity data and attributes to create sophisticated, custom risk systems. 0 1 . Facets Enhance identity fraud detection with attributes infused with identity, fraud and risk intelligence. Learn more 0 2 . Insights Build onboarding flows and accelerate review with actionable fraud and identity intelligence Learn more Connect Work your way with flexible integration options. Choose how you want to access our identity solutions. Real-time API Easily integrate to our REST API and get real-time responses. Batch upload Upload data via Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) or the SentiLink dashboard. Dashboard Use an intelligent UI to surface the most important factors for investigation. Learn how we can help. Schedule a demo with a fraud expert and evaluate our solutions. GET A DEMO