About Our Company | Cohere About Where enterprise AI meets real-world purpose Cohere builds foundational models and AI solutions that help teams turn everyday effort into extraordinary impact. Our Mission We believe AI’s highest purpose is to enhance human wellbeing. We’re committed to realizing that potential by empowering businesses to scale innovation, boost productivity, and drive progress that reaches everyone. Our story From Toronto startup to enterprise AI 2019 Foundations Cohere was founded in 2019 in Toronto with a bold vision: to do whatever it takes to scale intelligence to serve humanity. Since then, we’ve remained focused on building enterprise AI that enhances human judgment, accelerates execution, and extends what individuals and teams can achieve on their own. 2021 – 2024 Early growth Between 2021 and 2024, we secured four major funding rounds (Series A through D), raising nearly $1 billion. This support has enabled us to scale our teams, expand globally, and continually develop cutting-edge models that power practical AI applications for the world’s leading enterprises. 2022 Research focus In 2022, we launched Cohere Labs, our open science initiative for solving complex machine learning problems. Today, Cohere Labs has 4,500+ community members and has published over 100 research papers. Learn more 2025 – present Agentic AI for the enterprise In 2025, we launched North, our turnkey AI platform for workplace productivity. North’s agentic capabilities and advanced retrieval allow teams to automate routine tasks, accelerate complex workflows, and surface insights securely grounded in enterprise data. Learn more Geoffrey Hinton 2024 Nobel Laureate in Physics University Professor Emeritus, Computer Science, University of Toronto Very large language models are now giving computers a much better understanding of human communication. The team at Cohere is building technology that will make this revolution in natural language understanding much more widely available. Meet our team Founders Aidan Gomez Co-founder and CEO Nick Frosst Co-founder Ivan Zhang Co-founder Executive team Joelle Pineau Chief AI Officer François Chadwick Chief Financial Officer Phil Blunsom Chief Technology Officer Laura Moss SVP, Finance Nora Beatty SVP, People Operations Andrew Chang VP, APAC Nils Reimers VP, Embeddings & Search Autumn Moulder VP, Engineering Melika Carroll VP, Government Affairs & Public Policy Kosta Starostin VP, Legal Born in Canada 🇨🇦 Building worldwide Toronto New York London San Francisco Montreal Paris Seoul Want to help build the future of enterprise AI? Join us News and insights