Enterprise AI: Private, Secure, Customizable | Cohere Your next breakthrough, powered by AI Cohere is where powerful AI meets practical business solutions — so you can work smarter. Request a demo Explore products Trusted by industry leaders and developers worldwide Safe. Flexible. Built for business. Security Ensure privacy and compliance with multi-layered protection, access controls, and industry-certified security standards. Learn more Deployment Secure your data by deploying within a dedicated virtual private cloud (VPC) environment or on-premises, air-gapped behind your firewall. Learn more Customization Train our models on your proprietary data and partner with us to create unique AI solutions that fit your use cases, needs, and infrastructure. Learn more The turnkey AI platform that helps your work flow From scattered tools to seamless action — North brings everything together so your work just works. Go North Powering progress across industries Technology Financial Services Healthcare Manufacturing Energy Public Sector Our models. All business. Command A family of high-performance generative models Supports 23 languages for global communication and discovery Seamlessly integrates into existing systems without disruption Powers AI applications that reason, act, and generate insights anchored in your data Learn more Embed A model for semantic text representation Semantic understanding : Captures text meaning for accurate document comparison Efficient retrieval : Converts text to vectors for fast, scalable search Contextual insights : Uncovers hidden patterns and relationships in data Learn more Rerank A model for relevance-based result refinement Relevance optimization: Prioritizes most relevant documents for better user experience Personalized search: Tailors results to individual user needs and preferences Dynamic refinement: Continuously updates results based on user interactions Learn more Developer resources Find everything you need to start building, from API access to deep technical docs, and try our models in the Playground. Let's go Get an API key Why leading teams trust Cohere “With Cohere's latest highly secure enterprise LLMs, we aim to provide businesses with powerful and adaptable AI solutions that address specific needs and accelerate the adoption of generative AI globally.” — Vivek Mahajan, Corporate Vice President, CTO and CPO Read more “With Cohere's latest highly secure enterprise LLMs, we aim to provide businesses with powerful and adaptable AI solutions that address specific needs and accelerate the adoption of generative AI globally.” — Vivek Mahajan, Corporate Vice President, CTO and CPO Read more The latest news