About Us | Coalition 🎉 Exciting news! Coalition has acquired Wirespeed to accelerate cybersecurity for all. Read More Skip To Main Content Insurance Insurance What is Active Insurance? The first insurance to help actively assess, prevent, and respond to cyber risk with security tech and broad coverage. Learn More Cyber Insurance Insurance coverage designed for threats like ransomware, email compromise, and more. Tech Errors & Omissions Comprehensive errors and omissions coverage for technology businesses. Executive Risks Protection for organizations and their leadership from management liability risks. Miscellaneous Professional Liability Comprehensive errors and omissions coverage for professional service providers. Security Security Coalition Security See how cyber experts invested in your security deliver additional protection at a price made for small business. Learn More Coalition Control® The cyber risk platform with alerts to help policyholders improve security. Wirespeedᵀᴹ MDR Stop threats in seconds with automated Managed Detection & Response. Coalition Incident Response (CIR) Our premier, on-call affiliate with digital forensics and incident response expertise. Coalition Security Awareness Training (SAT) Engaging, cost-effective security training for every employee. Why Us Why Us Claims Experience Our in-house experts help recover stolen funds, respond to threats, process claims fast, and get you back to business. Learn More Who We Help For Brokers Build your cyber expertise. Grow your book of business with the Active Insurance leader. For Businesses Find out how we actively protect you from ransomware, digital theft, and more. For Security Teams Innovative security tools and services; expert guidance and insights on cyber threats. Technology & Innovation Active Data Graph Our purpose-built data collection & analysis engine powers everything we do. CoalitionAI See how we use AI to protect the unprotected in ways traditional insurance can't. Resources Resources Blog Get the latest on new digital threats, tech innovations, security trends, and cyber insurance. Cyber Insurance Broker Education Security All Blog Posts INSURANCE Cyber Knowledge Center Get cyber savvy with reports, training, insights, and beyond. Case Studies Read how we helped protect assets, fight threats, and claw money back for busineses. Industries Cyber risk is everywhere. Learn how we protect the unprotected across industries. SECURITY TOOLS & RESOURCES Security Knowledge Center Get the latest on cyber risks and new tech to fight and recover from threats. Exploit Scoring System Search 200,000+ CVEs for vulnerabilities and prioritize what to address first. MSPs: Become A Partner Help clients close security gaps, become insurable, and protect against cyber risks. Claims Report See the latest trends in cyber insurance. Cyber Threat Index 2025 Get the report on emerging security challenges. Company Company Careers Build your skills and career and help us redefine insurance for the digital age. Meet The Team Life At Coalition Open Roles About Us Learn about our game-changing vision for insurance to actively protect the unprotected. Newsroom Get the scoop on press releases, announcements, launches, and more. Contact Us Questions about policies, quotes, or more? Get answers — whether you’re a broker or a policyholder. Cyber Incident? Get Help Log In We’re on a mission to protect the unprotected Organizations of all types are realizing enormous benefits from digital technology. However, they also face new, fast moving and far reaching digital risks. We work every day to protect organizations from these risks. See Open Roles Meet our leaders Leadership Team Board of Directors Joshua Motta CEO & Co-Founder Shawn Ram Chief Revenue Officer Jim Young Chief Financial Officer Chung-Man Tam Chief Product Officer Maha Virudhagiri Chief Technology Officer David Lynders Head of Insurance John Littzi General Counsel Dylan Steele Chief Marketing Officer Tiago Henriques Chief Underwriting Officer Sisi Liu Chief of Staff; Head of Strategy & Corporate Development Joshua Motta Joshua Motta CEO & Co-Founder Joshua is the CEO and Co-Founder of Coalition. Prior to Coalition, Joshua was the CXO and Head of Special Projects at Cloudflare (NYSE: NET), a $25B web infrastructure and security company, following roles at Goldman Sachs, the Central Intelligence Agency, and Microsoft, among others. A global team built for the moment Active Insurance is coverage designed to prevent digital risk before it strikes. We combine the power of technology and insurance to help organizations identify, mitigate and respond to digital risks. Watch Now The future of insurance is active Active Insurance is coverage designed to prevent digital risk before it strikes. We combine the power of technology and insurance to help organizations identify, mitigate and respond to digital risks. Learn More Culture First We take culture so seriously that our founders wrote our cultural values before they wrote our business plan. Character We are never too big to do the small things that need to be done. We balance pride with humility: absolute pride in performance; total humility before the magnitude of the task. Humility We aren’t afraid to ask questions of ourselves and each other. Our humility allows us to never outgrow this simple question: “Can we do this better?” We submerge our ego for our greater cause. Responsibility We take responsibility and share ownership. We prioritise delivering long-term value over short-term results and we act ethically, always. Purpose Our ambitions are grand and we are barely 1% of the way there. Our most precious resource is our time, so we better make the most of it. Authenticity We have the courage to follow our heart and intuition. We refuse to become trapped by dogma or distracted by competitors. We show up as our true selves. Inclusion We respect, value and encourage diversity. We work hard for one another. No individual is bigger than the team. Our Impact Cyber losses cost the global economy upwards of $1.5 trillion each year, and yet the majority of businesses are ill prepared to manage and mitigate the risks of an increasingly digital world. That’s why we created Active Insurance, the world’s first insurance designed to prevent risk before it strikes. Trusted by thousands of organizations in the US, UK, Europe, and Canada, it is clear our approach is working: 73% fewer claims than industry average* $101+ M in stolen funds recovered on behalf of policyholders* 56% percentage of incidents handled at no additional cost to policyholders* Ready to learn more? Resources We gathered all the latest insights, research and tools brokers need to protect your clients and grow your business. Get Started Newsroom We’re bringing a new approach to managing digital risk, and the world has noticed. Here’s what people are saying about Coalition. Learn More Careers Join our growing team on our mission to protect the unprotected. Build With Us * Coalition 2025 Cyber Claims Report Insurance products offered by Coalition may be written on behalf of third-party carriers including Allianz Group* (A.M. Best A+ rating), Arch Specialty Insurance Company (A.M. Best A+ rating), Ascot Group** (A.M Best A rating), Fortegra Group (A.M. Best A- rating), Lloyd’s of London (A.M. Best A rating), Swiss Re Corporate Solutions*** legal entities (A.M. Best A+ rating), Vantage Risk Specialty Insurance Company (A.M. Best A- rating), and Chaucer Insurance Company DAC (A.M. Best A rating).