Security for All | Coalition Blog 🎉 Exciting news! Coalition has acquired Wirespeed to accelerate cybersecurity for all. Read More Skip To Main Content Insurance Insurance What is Active Insurance? The first insurance to help actively assess, prevent, and respond to cyber risk with security tech and broad coverage. Learn More Cyber Insurance Insurance coverage designed for threats like ransomware, email compromise, and more. Tech Errors & Omissions Comprehensive errors and omissions coverage for technology businesses. Executive Risks Protection for organizations and their leadership from management liability risks. Miscellaneous Professional Liability Comprehensive errors and omissions coverage for professional service providers. Security Security Coalition Security See how cyber experts invested in your security deliver additional protection at a price made for small business. Learn More Coalition Control® The cyber risk platform with alerts to help policyholders improve security. Wirespeedᵀᴹ MDR Stop threats in seconds with automated Managed Detection & Response. Coalition Incident Response (CIR) Our premier, on-call affiliate with digital forensics and incident response expertise. Coalition Security Awareness Training (SAT) Engaging, cost-effective security training for every employee. Why Us Why Us Claims Experience Our in-house experts help recover stolen funds, respond to threats, process claims fast, and get you back to business. Learn More Who We Help For Brokers Build your cyber expertise. Grow your book of business with the Active Insurance leader. For Businesses Find out how we actively protect you from ransomware, digital theft, and more. For Security Teams Innovative security tools and services; expert guidance and insights on cyber threats. Technology & Innovation Active Data Graph Our purpose-built data collection & analysis engine powers everything we do. CoalitionAI See how we use AI to protect the unprotected in ways traditional insurance can't. Resources Resources Blog Get the latest on new digital threats, tech innovations, security trends, and cyber insurance. Cyber Insurance Broker Education Security All Blog Posts INSURANCE Cyber Knowledge Center Get cyber savvy with reports, training, insights, and beyond. Case Studies Read how we helped protect assets, fight threats, and claw money back for busineses. Industries Cyber risk is everywhere. Learn how we protect the unprotected across industries. SECURITY TOOLS & RESOURCES Security Knowledge Center Get the latest on cyber risks and new tech to fight and recover from threats. Exploit Scoring System Search 200,000+ CVEs for vulnerabilities and prioritize what to address first. MSPs: Become A Partner Help clients close security gaps, become insurable, and protect against cyber risks. Claims Report See the latest trends in cyber insurance. Cyber Threat Index 2025 Get the report on emerging security challenges. Company Company Careers Build your skills and career and help us redefine insurance for the digital age. Meet The Team Life At Coalition Open Roles About Us Learn about our game-changing vision for insurance to actively protect the unprotected. Newsroom Get the scoop on press releases, announcements, launches, and more. Contact Us Questions about policies, quotes, or more? Get answers — whether you’re a broker or a policyholder. Cyber Incident? Get Help Log In Blog home Cyber Insurance Security Executive Risks Broker Education Life at Coalition Blog home ​ Security When a 10.0 CVSS Hits: Inside the React2Shell Mobilization How Coalition mobilized to protect policyholders in response to a potentially massive cyber risk aggregation event in React2Shell. Tiago Henriques December 11, 2025 Featured Post Security Blog When a 10.0 CVSS Hits: Inside the React2Shell Mobilization How Coalition mobilized to protect policyholders in response to a potentially massive cyber risk aggregation event in React2Shell. Tiago Henriques December 11, 2025 Read Now Security Blog Patch Immediately: Critical Vulnerability Dubbed 'React2Shell' Coalition notified policyholders about a new critical vulnerability impacting React and Next.js applications that allows RCE without authentication. Joe Toomey December 05, 2025 Read Now Cyber Insurance Blog Bridging the Cyber Insurance Gap Between Brokers and SMEs Coalition UK research reveals a gap between specialist cyber insurance take-up by SME decision makers and broker impact on outcomes. Tom Draper December 03, 2025 Read Now Cyber Insurance Blog Beyond Capacity: How Coalition Re is Building the Future of Cyber Stability Coalition Re harnesses the full power of Coalition’s cyber intelligence to give reinsurance cedants an unprecedented view across the entire digital ecosystem. Diana Liu November 26, 2025 Read Now Security Blog Shades of Gray: The Risk of Doing Business with Hackers Gray hat hackers may appear altruistic, but attitudes can turn quickly when money is involved. How should businesses decide who to trust? Jessica Stainer November 24, 2025 Read Now Cyber Insurance Blog New Privacy Risk Insights to Help Navigate Wrongful Collection As wrongful collection claims rise, Active Privacy Protection provides businesses with visibility to privacy-related exposures. Daniel Woods November 12, 2025 Read Now See all articles Cyber Insurance See all Cyber Insurance Blog Bridging the Cyber Insurance Gap Between Brokers and SMEs Coalition UK research reveals a gap between specialist cyber insurance take-up by SME decision makers and broker impact on outcomes. Tom Draper December 03, 2025 Read Now Cyber Insurance Blog Beyond Capacity: How Coalition Re is Building the Future of Cyber Stability Coalition Re harnesses the full power of Coalition’s cyber intelligence to give reinsurance cedants an unprecedented view across the entire digital ecosystem. Diana Liu November 26, 2025 Read Now Cyber Insurance Blog New Privacy Risk Insights to Help Navigate Wrongful Collection As wrongful collection claims rise, Active Privacy Protection provides businesses with visibility to privacy-related exposures. Daniel Woods November 12, 2025 Read Now All Cyber Insurance Articles Security Security Security Blog When a 10.0 CVSS Hits: Inside the React2Shell Mobilization How Coalition mobilized to protect policyholders in response to a potentially massive cyber risk aggregation event in React2Shell. Tiago Henriques December 11, 2025 Read Now Security Blog Patch Immediately: Critical Vulnerability Dubbed 'React2Shell' Coalition notified policyholders about a new critical vulnerability impacting React and Next.js applications that allows RCE without authentication. Joe Toomey December 05, 2025 Read Now Security Blog Shades of Gray: The Risk of Doing Business with Hackers Gray hat hackers may appear altruistic, but attitudes can turn quickly when money is involved. How should businesses decide who to trust? Jessica Stainer November 24, 2025 Read Now All Security Articles Executive Risks See all Executive Risks Blog How Cyber Insurance Can Prevent Attacks from Spiraling into D&O Claims Cyber insurance helps protect businesses against financial and reputational damages, but its impact on D&O liability makes it a must-have for all executives. Patrick Mitchell November 07, 2023 Read Now Executive Risks Blog Combining Crime and Cyber: Common Claims and Core Coverages Cybercrimes often fall between two types of insurance policies: crime and cyber. Both can coexist in harmony for the benefit of the policyholder. Patrick Mitchell June 28, 2023 Read Now Executive Risks Blog To Avoid Excessive Fee Litigation, SMBs Must Fulfill Fiduciary Duties Excessive fee lawsuits have historically targeted large employee benefits plans, but smaller plans have experienced a surge of claims in recent years. Patrick Mitchell May 15, 2023 Read Now All Executive Risks Articles More from the blog Broker Education Coalition provides technology built for brokers that allows them to rate, quote, and bind in minutes. Learn best practices from the community. All Articles Life at Coalition Organizations of all types are realizing enormous benefits from digital technology. Read more about what our team is doing every day to protect organizations from these risks. All Articles Browse all topics Announcements Claims Cyber Threats Control Underwriting Small Business Reports Funds Transfer Fraud Who is Coalition? At Coalition, we're on a mission to protect the unprotected. To achieve this, we're building a new approach to risk that actively protects organizations in a digital world. Learn more