Coalition Inc. Careers | Help us bring security to all We're committed to a safe hiring process. Learn how to spot scams Skip To Main Content Insurance Insurance What is Active Insurance? The first insurance to help actively assess, prevent, and respond to cyber risk with security tech and broad coverage. Learn More Cyber Insurance Insurance coverage designed for threats like ransomware, email compromise, and more. Tech Errors & Omissions Comprehensive errors and omissions coverage for technology businesses. Executive Risks Protection for organizations and their leadership from management liability risks. Miscellaneous Professional Liability Comprehensive errors and omissions coverage for professional service providers. Security Security Coalition Security See how cyber experts invested in your security deliver additional protection at a price made for small business. Learn More Coalition Control® The cyber risk platform with alerts to help policyholders improve security. Wirespeedᵀᴹ MDR Stop threats in seconds with automated Managed Detection & Response. Coalition Incident Response (CIR) Our premier, on-call affiliate with digital forensics and incident response expertise. Coalition Security Awareness Training (SAT) Engaging, cost-effective security training for every employee. Why Us Why Us Claims Experience Our in-house experts help recover stolen funds, respond to threats, process claims fast, and get you back to business. Learn More Who We Help For Brokers Build your cyber expertise. Grow your book of business with the Active Insurance leader. For Businesses Find out how we actively protect you from ransomware, digital theft, and more. For Security Teams Innovative security tools and services; expert guidance and insights on cyber threats. Technology & Innovation Active Data Graph Our purpose-built data collection & analysis engine powers everything we do. CoalitionAI See how we use AI to protect the unprotected in ways traditional insurance can't. Resources Resources Blog Get the latest on new digital threats, tech innovations, security trends, and cyber insurance. Cyber Insurance Broker Education Security All Blog Posts INSURANCE Cyber Knowledge Center Get cyber savvy with reports, training, insights, and beyond. Case Studies Read how we helped protect assets, fight threats, and claw money back for busineses. Industries Cyber risk is everywhere. Learn how we protect the unprotected across industries. SECURITY TOOLS & RESOURCES Security Knowledge Center Get the latest on cyber risks and new tech to fight and recover from threats. Exploit Scoring System Search 200,000+ CVEs for vulnerabilities and prioritize what to address first. MSPs: Become A Partner Help clients close security gaps, become insurable, and protect against cyber risks. Claims Report See the latest trends in cyber insurance. Cyber Threat Index 2025 Get the report on emerging security challenges. Company Company Careers Build your skills and career and help us redefine insurance for the digital age. Meet The Team Life At Coalition Open Roles About Us Learn about our game-changing vision for insurance to actively protect the unprotected. Newsroom Get the scoop on press releases, announcements, launches, and more. Contact Us Questions about policies, quotes, or more? Get answers — whether you’re a broker or a policyholder. Cyber Incident? Get Help Log In CAREERS AT COALITION Be a guardian of the digital universe Digital tools have brought the world huge possibilities — and huge risks. At Coalition, our innovative tech, security, and insurance helps organizations face digital threats and grow fearlessly. Join us. Apply Now Who We Are How We Work Work With Us Employee Voices Apply Now WHO WE ARE We’re on a mission to protect the unprotected as the world digitizes Coalition is one of the world’s most innovative insurance providers. Active Insurance is an integrated approach to digital risk that brings together insurance and cybersecurity to help spot, prevent, and respond to cyber threats so businesses can build with confidence. Cybersecurity Experts Our world-class cybersecurity team includes threat intelligence analysts, cyber law-enforcement leaders, and incident response experts with deep experience. Insurance Pros One of the planet’s larges t insurtechs, we use proprietary data and tech to integrate deep insights with actuarial science to help brokers sell cyber and better assist their clients. AI Innovators Generative AI for brokers is just one of the ways we are pushing the industry forward with solutions to help identify, mitigate, and respond to ever-evolving digital risks. Mission-Driven As pioneers of Active Insurance, our mission to help policyholders fight cyber threats and mitigate incidents drives every decision we make. We do it every day for 100,000+ customers.* Apply Now HOW WE WORK Thrive everywhere, together Grow your career in our inclusive, remote-first work culture that gives you the autonomy and power to be your best — and fight cyber threats as a team. Serve a noble purpose Help build a safer digital community and world through your work and a shared passion for fighting cyber threats. Read Our Founder’s Blog Contribute to a global mission Cyber threats can strike anywhere. With offices in Europe, Australia, and North America, your work will have a global impact. Learn More Make a measurable impact Tackle complex cyber problems that can endanger countless businesses. Outsmart hackers with AI-powered tech to stay ahead of ever-evolving cyber threats. Explore Teams Grow with integrity Driven by a deep commitment to working together, we set a new standard for transparency and accountability from day one. See Our Values WORK WITH US Help organizations grow fearlessly Here are just some of the ways you can help make the digital world a place where organizations thrive. Underwriting Price cyber risk accurately Connect the dots of real-time data, security insights and financial impacts to price cyber risk for organizations of all sizes. Security Prevent ever-evolving threats Join a cyber threat team that thinks like hackers, scores vulnerabilities, predicts attacks and manages our security data advantages. Data Drive insights at the speed of risk Work with proprietary security data, combined with claims history and domain expertise. Deliver new insights and ways forward for our industry. AI Reshape security and insurance Build and deploy AI-driven automation. Experiment with the new frontiers of generative AI to help brokers and security teams. EMPLOYEE VOICES Clawing back $1.5M from a bad actor — all in a day’s work Watch Story APPLY NOW Join an award-winning team Engineering Help solve problems for a better digital landscape; build the future of cyber risk management. Explore Engineering Roles Insurance From underwriting to claims, help lead the way with innovative cyber insurance solutions. Explore Insurance Roles Security Services Help fight cyber threat actors with industry-leading cybersecurity tech and real-world data. Explore Security Roles Product Build a cyber product that actively helps organizations and brokers make better cybersecurity decisions. Explore Product Roles Sales & Marketing Get the word out about cyber and help build a business that is helping protect the unprotected. Explore Sales & Marketing Roles Corporate Functions Finance, legal & compliance, and people teams all shape our company for today — and tomorrow. Explore Corporate Roles Explore All Careers * Internal Data Coalition primarily does not use third-party recruiting services. Potential candidates will only be contacted by Coalition, Inc. during the recruitment process. You can always verify any opportunity on our official careers page www.coalitioninc.com/careers .