Cyber Insurance | Active Insurance & Cybersecurity | Coalition 🎉 Exciting news! Coalition has acquired Wirespeed to accelerate cybersecurity for all. Read More Skip To Main Content Insurance Insurance What is Active Insurance? The first insurance to help actively assess, prevent, and respond to cyber risk with security tech and broad coverage. Learn More Cyber Insurance Insurance coverage designed for threats like ransomware, email compromise, and more. Tech Errors & Omissions Comprehensive errors and omissions coverage for technology businesses. Executive Risks Protection for organizations and their leadership from management liability risks. Miscellaneous Professional Liability Comprehensive errors and omissions coverage for professional service providers. Security Security Coalition Security See how cyber experts invested in your security deliver additional protection at a price made for small business. Learn More Coalition Control® The cyber risk platform with alerts to help policyholders improve security. Wirespeedᵀᴹ MDR Stop threats in seconds with automated Managed Detection & Response. Coalition Incident Response (CIR) Our premier, on-call affiliate with digital forensics and incident response expertise. Coalition Security Awareness Training (SAT) Engaging, cost-effective security training for every employee. Why Us Why Us Claims Experience Our in-house experts help recover stolen funds, respond to threats, process claims fast, and get you back to business. Learn More Who We Help For Brokers Build your cyber expertise. Grow your book of business with the Active Insurance leader. For Businesses Find out how we actively protect you from ransomware, digital theft, and more. For Security Teams Innovative security tools and services; expert guidance and insights on cyber threats. Technology & Innovation Active Data Graph Our purpose-built data collection & analysis engine powers everything we do. CoalitionAI See how we use AI to protect the unprotected in ways traditional insurance can't. Resources Resources Blog Get the latest on new digital threats, tech innovations, security trends, and cyber insurance. Cyber Insurance Broker Education Security All Blog Posts INSURANCE Cyber Knowledge Center Get cyber savvy with reports, training, insights, and beyond. Case Studies Read how we helped protect assets, fight threats, and claw money back for busineses. Industries Cyber risk is everywhere. Learn how we protect the unprotected across industries. SECURITY TOOLS & RESOURCES Security Knowledge Center Get the latest on cyber risks and new tech to fight and recover from threats. Exploit Scoring System Search 200,000+ CVEs for vulnerabilities and prioritize what to address first. MSPs: Become A Partner Help clients close security gaps, become insurable, and protect against cyber risks. Claims Report See the latest trends in cyber insurance. Cyber Threat Index 2025 Get the report on emerging security challenges. Company Company Careers Build your skills and career and help us redefine insurance for the digital age. Meet The Team Life At Coalition Open Roles About Us Learn about our game-changing vision for insurance to actively protect the unprotected. Newsroom Get the scoop on press releases, announcements, launches, and more. Contact Us Questions about policies, quotes, or more? Get answers — whether you’re a broker or a policyholder. Cyber Incident? Get Help Log In Protect your business with cyber insurance and security, together Coalition’s Active Insurance helps businesses spot and stop fast-moving cyber threats before they strike. Brokers: Get Appointed Free Security Assessment Your browser does not support the video tag. See how Coalition helped a school district with cybersecurity & coverage to come back even stronger from a ransomware attack. Watch Now Insurance that can stop cyber threats in their tracks? Meet Coalition. Policyholders experience 73% fewer claims * and a seamless claims process when they do. Prevent cyber risks before they happen Know and act on your business’s risks with ease Try our easy-to-use risk management platform, for free Discover how we analyze threats to your business Check out how we use data to actively understand threats Strengthen your security with premium add-ons Explore our full suite of cybersecurity tools and services Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Our security experts respond to threats fast Mitigate threats, recover systems, recoup funds Learn about our affiliate, Coalition Incident Response Put cyber pros to work for your business, 24/7 See the tools we built for security teams Get a Claims Team that jumps into action to help, fast We streamlined claims to move at the speed of digital Get cyber coverage designed for digital risk From incident to recovery, we’ve got your back See how coverages help you get back to business Our industry-leading cyber coverages Explore what makes our Active Cyber Policy different Complete coverage for a spectrum of cyber risks Dive into our cyber insurance coverages, in detail Your browser does not support the video tag. Strengthen your defenses even more with premium protections from Coalition Security ® Build on the protections included in your Coalition insurance policy with tools and services designed to keep you secure. Automated MDR Awareness Training Email Security Vulnerability Management Your browser does not support the video tag. ACTIVE THREATS REQUIRE ACTIVE INSURANCE Ransomware. Funds transfer Fraud. AI-phishing. And whatever's next. Traditional insurance wasn't built for cyber threats that evolve daily. So we pioneered Active Insurance: protection that adapts as fast as the threats do. Learn More About Active Insurance Your browser does not support the video tag. 100k+ clients: Here are just a few of their stories See All Case Studies Consulting firm reduces risk with MDR Law firm stops a social engineering attack Non-profit claws back $1.5 million Backed by the world’s leading insurers Stay ahead of threats with exclusive insights Webinars, reports, threat intelligence, risk predictions, expert analysis, and more. Explore Knowledge Center Broker Platform Start quoting, get sales materials, training, and more on a platform made for you. Get Appointed 2025 Cyber Claims Report Discover the latest threats, trends, and cyber strategies in our annual report. Download Report Security Cost Savings Calculator See how much your organization can save by partnering with Coalition Security. Uncover Savings * Coalition 2025 Cyber Claims Report ** Median time to verdict and alert noise reduction data based on actual alerts between August and October 2025. 1 Ponemon Institute, Cited in Link 2 StationX Phishing Statistics for 2025