Tech E&O Insurance Coverage | Coalition 🎉 Exciting news! Coalition has acquired Wirespeed to accelerate cybersecurity for all. Read More Skip To Main Content Insurance Insurance What is Active Insurance? The first insurance to help actively assess, prevent, and respond to cyber risk with security tech and broad coverage. Learn More Cyber Insurance Insurance coverage designed for threats like ransomware, email compromise, and more. Tech Errors & Omissions Comprehensive errors and omissions coverage for technology businesses. Executive Risks Protection for organizations and their leadership from management liability risks. Miscellaneous Professional Liability Comprehensive errors and omissions coverage for professional service providers. Security Security Coalition Security See how cyber experts invested in your security deliver additional protection at a price made for small business. Learn More Coalition Control® The cyber risk platform with alerts to help policyholders improve security. Wirespeedᵀᴹ MDR Stop threats in seconds with automated Managed Detection & Response. Coalition Incident Response (CIR) Our premier, on-call affiliate with digital forensics and incident response expertise. Coalition Security Awareness Training (SAT) Engaging, cost-effective security training for every employee. Why Us Why Us Claims Experience Our in-house experts help recover stolen funds, respond to threats, process claims fast, and get you back to business. Learn More Who We Help For Brokers Build your cyber expertise. Grow your book of business with the Active Insurance leader. For Businesses Find out how we actively protect you from ransomware, digital theft, and more. For Security Teams Innovative security tools and services; expert guidance and insights on cyber threats. Technology & Innovation Active Data Graph Our purpose-built data collection & analysis engine powers everything we do. CoalitionAI See how we use AI to protect the unprotected in ways traditional insurance can't. Resources Resources Blog Get the latest on new digital threats, tech innovations, security trends, and cyber insurance. Cyber Insurance Broker Education Security All Blog Posts INSURANCE Cyber Knowledge Center Get cyber savvy with reports, training, insights, and beyond. Case Studies Read how we helped protect assets, fight threats, and claw money back for busineses. Industries Cyber risk is everywhere. Learn how we protect the unprotected across industries. SECURITY TOOLS & RESOURCES Security Knowledge Center Get the latest on cyber risks and new tech to fight and recover from threats. Exploit Scoring System Search 200,000+ CVEs for vulnerabilities and prioritize what to address first. MSPs: Become A Partner Help clients close security gaps, become insurable, and protect against cyber risks. Claims Report See the latest trends in cyber insurance. Cyber Threat Index 2025 Get the report on emerging security challenges. Company Company Careers Build your skills and career and help us redefine insurance for the digital age. Meet The Team Life At Coalition Open Roles About Us Learn about our game-changing vision for insurance to actively protect the unprotected. Newsroom Get the scoop on press releases, announcements, launches, and more. Contact Us Questions about policies, quotes, or more? Get answers — whether you’re a broker or a policyholder. Cyber Incident? Get Help Log In TECH E&O COVERAGE Protect against technology risks with comprehensive coverage Combine Technology Errors & Omissions coverage with Active Cyber Insurance for more holistic digital protection. Brokers: Get Appointed Who needs Technology Errors & Omissions coverage? Any organization that provides a technology product or service in exchange for a fee can have a technology E&O exposure. These exposures range from downtime in a software platform due to an operational or technical error to failure in an organization's technology services or product. COALITION ADVANTAGE Why choose Tech E&O from Coalition? Comprehensive protection against technology errors and omissions We offer Tech E&O coverage 1 that helps protect businesses against covered third-party financial losses resulting from a range of errors, omissions, or negligence in technology products or services. Compounded benefits through market-leading cyber coverage By combining third-party Tech E&O coverage with market-leading Active Cyber Insurance and first-party coverage, Coalition offers more holistic digital protection organizations can feel confident in. Streamlined, integrated approach to claims handling Coalition's claims team 2 manages claims for both Tech E&O and cyber — and moves fast — providing a smoother, more efficient resolution process. Built-in value beyond the policy Policyholders get access to Coalition Control®, our unified cyber risk management platform that helps technology businesses mitigate threats through ongoing threat monitoring and remediation support. TECH E&O CLAIMS What can cause a Tech E&O claim? Software errors and bugs that disrupt or delay operations Delay or failure in delivery of a final product Intellectual property claims relating to copyright or licensed software code Errors in IT services such as implementing or installing software Manufacturing errors that cause financial loss Failure to meet contract requirements Explore Coalition's other insurance offerings Cyber Insurance MPL Executive Risks MDR Maximize your coverage for digital and technology risks Protect your business from technology risks with Active Cyber and Tech E&O insurance offered by Coalition. Brokers: Get Appointed * Exclusions and limitations apply. See disclaimers and the policy as issued.