Company | Nova Credit Skip navigation Products Solutions Resources Contact Us Request a Meeting Help Center Request a Meeting Rewiring the World with Better Consumer Credit Data Nova Credit opens pathways to financial opportunity for millions of people with limited credit history. By aggregating global credit bureau and bank transaction data, we help lenders and businesses to see borrowers in a new light, unlocking access to the financial system for millions of new people. About Us We’ve combined the best attributes of a credit bureau with flexible infrastructure and analytics, enabling credit decision-makers to harness the power of alternative credit and open banking data. We’re on a mission to bridge the universe of consumer-permissioned data to enable a more fair and inclusive financial system for millions of individuals around the world. We believe that every person deserves an equal shot at opportunities that can help them succeed. That means everyone needs access to finance. We built Nova Credit to help global citizens apply for financial services in their new home using their credit history from their country of origin. Using technology that translates international credit data into a local-equivalent score, we currently serve individuals coming from Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Dominican Republic, Germany, India, Kenya, Mexico, Nigeria, Philippines, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, Ukraine, the U.S., and the UK. Building on the path to financial inclusion, we also work to improve access for new-to-credit, thin-file, and no-file applicants in the U.S. Whether someone has great credit in another country that lenders can’t see, or they don’t have credit history at all, we see each individual, and we’re here to help them achieve their goals. Our Mission We’re on a mission to bridge the universe of consumer-permissioned data to enable a more fair and inclusive financial system for millions of individuals around the world. Our Team Leadership Chris Hansen GM, Cash Atlas™ Solutions Collin Galster COO Mei Lui Head of Product Misha Esipov Board Member & Founder and CEO, Nova Credit Nathan Pike Finance & Strategy Hale Ahangi Director, People & Talent Ryan Nier GC, Chief Compliance Officer, and Head of People Yacine Azmi CTO Akaash Gupta VP, Tenant Screening Solutions Board Members & Board Observers Misha Esipov Board Member & Founder and CEO, Nova Credit Nichole Mustard Board Member & Co-founder and Fmr. Chief Revenue Officer, Credit Karma Eugene Ludwig Board Member & Managing Partner, Canapi Ventures, Fmr. Comptroller of the Currency Ilya Fushman Board Observer & General Partner, Kleiner Perkins Hemant Taneja Board Observer & CEO, Managing Director, General Catalyst We’re Backed By some of the most notable names in the industry Nova Credit 101 Here are the quick details on who we are, what we’re building, and why. What problem is Nova Credit solving? Our mission is to power a more fair and inclusive financial system for the world. Every year, millions of creditworthy individuals are denied access to financing because lenders can’t access the right data to assess the individual's financial responsibility. We are on our way to accomplishing this mission by rewiring the financial industry with better credit infrastructure, analytics, and workflows, helping more people get access to credit opportunities. What’s innovative about Nova Credit? Our cross-border credit product, Credit Passport®, cash flow underwriting product, Cash Atlas™, and income verification product, Income Navigator, are trusted by leading organizations like HSBC, SoFi, Scotiabank, and Yardi to help them reach valuable new applicants from traditionally credit excluded populations Learn more about partnering with Nova Credit Who can use Nova Credit? Our reach is always growing. With our Credit Passport® solution, we serve consumers who have moved to the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, United Arab Emirates, or Singapore, and have a credit history in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Dominican Republic, Germany India, Kenya, Mexico, Nigeria, Philippines, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, Ukraine, the US (for newcomers in non-US regions) or the UK. Our Cash Atlas™ solution serves the 150 million U.S. consumers who are credit-eligible and want to receive a more accurate, up-to-date picture of their credit history. Traditional credit bureau reporting can lag ~2-3 months behind and doesn't always show a complete picture for credit applicants. Our leading cash-flow underwriting solution helps expand credit opportunities without increasing risk for lenders. Our income verification tool, Income Navigator helps companies automate verification of income, significantly improving coverage, conversion, and user experience. Our income verification solution is already trusted by more than 4,000 customers, including property management software, like Yardi, and lenders, like SoFi. Who are Nova Credit’s partners? We work with credit card companies, lenders, and other credit product providers to extend their reach to underserved individuals worldwide. Key partners include HSBC and Scotiabank for credit cards; MPOWER, Prodigy Finance, and Earnest for student loans; and Yardi, Appfolio, Saferent, and First Advantage for tenant screening. Members of the UNFCU also use Nova Credit to apply for credit cards and personal loans. Who are Nova Credit’s employees? Novans are a diverse community of individuals living and breathing our company values across 15+ states, 5 countries, and 4 continents. We’ve built a community in which all employees, regardless of their identity, experience, or background, feel at home and have access to the resources they need to succeed. 20% Under Represented Minority* 46% Women or non-binary 25% Parents or caregiver 30% First-generation immigrant URM = Under-Represented Minorities. This includes individuals who self-identify as Black, Latinx, Native American, Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander, Southeast Asian, and Multiracial employees (with at least one race/ethnicity falling into one of these groups). Data is self-reported and accurate as of January 2024. Resources & insights View all Resources Nova Credit Raises $45M Series C Financing Read More We Made the Fintech 50 in 2024! Read Post Senior Leadership Announcement Read More