Careers | Nova Credit Skip navigation Products Solutions Resources Contact Us Request a Meeting Help Center Request a Meeting Building a World Beyond Financial Borders At Nova Credit, we're working to power a fair and inclusive financial system for the world. Our products use reliable data and technology to help represent people fairly to financial institutions, going beyond traditional credit scores to see the full financial picture. We originally built the company with cross-border credit data to address the needs of people immigrating to the U.S. Now we're building on that foundation, expanding to cash flow underwriting and other innovative approaches to create additional paths to financial access. In short, we're giving credit where credit is due. See Our Open Roles World's Top Fintech Companies CNBC, 2025 Most Innovative Companies Fast Company, 2024 America's Best Startup Employers Forbes, 2025 Best Place To Work Built In, 2025 Fintech 50 Forbes, 2025 Fintech of the Year This Week In Fintech, 2024 We’re backed by some of the most notable names in the industry Our Benefits We take care to support our team at home, the office, and everywhere in between. Nova Credit is headquartered in New York City and has offices in San Francisco, London and Toronto. In the U.S., our benefits package includes comprehensive and generously-subsidized medical, dental and vision insurance options, along with a company-sponsored 401k plan. Novans receive access to telehealth, mental health support via Spring Health and Headspace+ (free therapy sessions included), 16-week parental leave, fertility and family planning support, child and teen behavioral health support, and membership with One Medical. Fly Anywhere On each work anniversary, Nova Credit will subsidize one round-trip flight anywhere in the world Paid Time Off We offer a flexible time off policy, based on trust Professional Development Each Novan gets a professional development budget and access to Udemy Business, our learning & development platform Phone Stipend We make a monthly contribution toward your cell phone and internet bill Our Values We strive to create a workplace where people can bring their whole selves and find opportunities for growth. In our bi-weekly "Nova Credits," team members shout out individual contributions to our collective success. On the days in between, we have a busy #thanks channel on Slack. Our culture is built on supporting each other's efforts, recognizing contributions from both individuals and groups. Build Bridges We go above and beyond to build relationships with colleagues and others who bring our mission to life. Challenge Without Ego We are intellectually honest — from a place of humility. Chug Like a Train We have a bias for action and recognize that our velocity determines our fate. Make it Your Mission We raise our hand and chase opportunities to advance our mission. Diversity Fuels Ingenuity Novans are a diverse community of individuals living and breathing our company values across 10+ states, 5+ countries and 4 continents. We’ve built a community in which all employees, regardless of their identity, experience, or background, feel at home and have access to the resources they need to succeed. 20% Under-represented minority* 46% Women or non-binary 25% Parent or caregiver 30% First-generation immigrant *Reported numbers reflect Nova Credit employees who live in the United States * URM = Under-Represented Minorities. This includes individuals who self-identify as Black, Latinx, Native American, Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander, Southeast Asian, and Multiracial employees (with at least one race/ethnicity falling into one of these groups). Data is self-reported and accurate as of January 2024. Resources & insights View all Resources Nova Credit Raises $35M Series D Read more Nova Credit Featured in 2025 Forbes Fintech 50 Read More Nova Credit Named to 2025 Best Places To Work Awards Read More