Coactive | About Us By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Preferences Deny Accept Logo Login Get a Demo 🇺🇸EN 🇨🇦FR We are Coactive We are a diverse team of experts that have led the charge in the world of machine learning systems and AI. Coactive in numbers 3 Global hub offices 2021 Year founded 30+ Size of team $44M Funding raised Awards & Recognition Our team We've created a diverse team of experts that coactively bring products to life Among us there are decades of experience in data and machine learning at eBay, Google, Lyft, Meta, Clio, HubSpot, Tesla, MIT, Stanford and other leading organizations. Cody Coleman Co-Founder and CEO Cody Coleman is the co-founder and CEO of Coactive AI. He is also a co-creator of DAWNBench and MLPerf, a founding member of MLCommons, and his work spans developing standards and benchmarks for high-performance deep learning to data-centric AI. He holds a PhD in Computer Science from Stanford and MEng and BS degrees in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT. Will Gaviria Rojas Co-Founder Will Gaviria Rojas is the co-founder of Coactive AI. A former Data Scientist at eBay, Will has also previously held various roles as a visiting researcher. His academic work spans from IoT electronics to design and performance benchmarking of deep learning in neuromorphic systems. Will holds a PhD in Materials Science from Northwestern University and a BS from MIT. Jesper Stroe CFO Jesper has worked as a CFO/COO, both as an advisor, consultant, and full-time member of the executive team in early-stage technology companies for more than two decades. He loves being part of the creative and formative period in a company's life, helping it to build and grow revenue and the organization. Jesper received his MBA with a major in Finance, from Copenhagen Business School. Jesper Stroe CFO Tia Gordon Head of People Tia brings over 20 years of progressive leadership experience in people, operations, and organizational strategy across high-growth startups and established companies. She has played a pivotal role in building and scaling cultures, teams, and systems at organizations such as Synchrony Financial, Looker, and Google. Her passion lies in creating inclusive, high-performance environments where people and business strategy thrive together. Prior to joining Coactive, Tia served as a trusted advisor and fractional Chief People Officer, guiding early-stage companies through growth, talent strategy, and critical inflection points including fundraising, M&A, and IPO readiness. Tia holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration with a focus in Human Resources Management and completed an Executive Education program in Human Resources at the Wharton School. Tia Gordon Head of People Satya Komala Head of Engineering Satya brings nearly 19 years of extensive experience in leading engineering, product development, and strategic initiatives across renowned organizations such as Postman, NIO, Tesla, and Microsoft. His fervent drive to innovate and create groundbreaking products with the potential to revolutionize industries has always been his hallmark. Prior to joining Coactive, Satya successfully founded, secured funding for, assembled proficient teams, and orchestrated exists for a couple of startups in the autonomy and connected car sectors, imbuing him with a deep-rooted entrepreneurial sprit. Satya holds a Bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from VIT, India, and an MBA from the Wharton School of Business. Satya Komala Head of Engineering Josh Heller Chief Revenue Officer Josh serves as Coactive’s Chief Revenue Officer, responsible for both sales & business development. Josh joined Coactive from Amperity, an AI-powered Customer Data Platform (CDP), where he founded and ultimately led the sales team. His work there included advising brands such as Paramount, Gap, General Motors, T-Mobile, Taco Bell, and others on how to use data to better understand & engage customers across channels. Josh received his Bachelor’s from the Goizueta Business School at Emory University and has earned a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation. Josh Heller Chief Revenue Officer Barbara Lewis Head of Marketing Barbara has over 20 years of experience in tech marketing, working at companies of all stages, from very early stage startups to large, publicly traded global corporations. She was previously the Head of AI Marketing at Snowflake, which acquired TruEra, the AI Observability company where she served as CMO. Barbara graduated with honors from the Stanford Graduate School of Business (Stanford GSB) and from Yale University, and has twice been named Marketing Executive of the Year, Bronze Award, by the American Business Awards (Stevies). Barbara Lewis Head of Marketing Our advisors Advised by experts who have a depth of experience in founding and growing technology companies Ken Coleman Chairman at EIS Group Ltd & Special Advisor to a16z Matei Zaharia Professor at Stanford University & Co-Founder/Chief Technologist at DataBricks Julie Choi Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer at Cerebras Systems Marcelo Bressan Head of Developer Success at Temporal Technologies David Cook Chief Information Security Officer at Sequoia Consulting Group Our advisors Backed by world-renowned organizations who are committed to helping us shape the future of visual data Elliott Robinson Martin Casado Stacy Brown-Philpot Fern Mandelbaum Brentt Baltimore Partners The latest What’s new with Coactive View Blog Product Oct 17, 2025 Smarter Metadata Tagging for the Multimodal Era Product Sep 30, 2025 The Power to Create Video-Based Apps, Fast: How the Coactive Multimodal AI Platform Turns Months Into Minutes News Sep 30, 2025 The Future of Video and Image Intelligence Is Here Trust & Safety Aug 19, 2025 TrustCon 2025: Improving Trust & Safety to Drive Effectiveness and Psychological Safety Product Jun 10, 2025 Coactive is Now on Azure: Visual AI Search, Metadata Tagging, and Analytics, Built for Scale News May 9, 2025 Unlocking Content Discovery with AI: Kevin Hill at NAB 2025 Product Mar 26, 2025 Unlocking Video Insights: How an Optimized Video Ingestion Pipeline Transforms Content Discovery Solutions Mar 13, 2025 The Media Intelligence Stack: A Blueprint for the Future of Content Operations Solutions Feb 20, 2025 NBCUniversal + Coactive: A discussion on how multimodal AI is unlocking visual content discovery in media & entertainment