Imprint - Modern co-branded credit cards Explore our open roles ➝ Explore our open roles ➝ Our values 🛍️ Build the best way to pay. We relentlessly pursue an excellent customer experience. We believe that when we focus on delivering the best ways to pay, we best serve our customers, and in turn our partners. When brands partner with Imprint their customers engage more deeply, they learn more about their customers, and their business thrives. 📈 Grow. We are here to build a big, high-growth business with great margins. We can only do this by setting ambitious targets and exceeding them, pushing beyond our comfort zones, and using technology to solve problems. 📈 Grow. We are here to build a big, high-growth business with great margins. We can only do this by setting ambitious targets and exceeding them, pushing beyond our comfort zones, and using technology to solve problems. 🎯 Lead with clarity. Speed and hard work only pay off when paired with clarity and focus. Clear strategy, priorities, design, operations, and execution are essential to breaking down the complexity in our business and maintaining a high-efficiency team. By leveraging data and first-principles thinking, we solve problems, reduce friction, and enable high performance. 🎯 Lead with clarity. Speed and hard work only pay off when paired with clarity and focus. Clear strategy, priorities, design, operations, and execution are essential to breaking down the complexity in our business and maintaining a high-efficiency team. By leveraging data and first-principles thinking, we solve problems, reduce friction, and enable high performance. 🎯 Lead with clarity. Speed and hard work only pay off when paired with clarity and focus. Clear strategy, priorities, design, operations, and execution are essential to breaking down the complexity in our business and maintaining a high-efficiency team. By leveraging data and first-principles thinking, we solve problems, reduce friction, and enable high performance. 🤗 Are optimistic and humble together. Big ambitions bring big, ambiguous challenges. We embrace problems and uncertainty with optimism and as one team. Trust is the product of humble team members joining together to move Imprint forward and put wins on the board. 🤗 Are optimistic and humble together. Big ambitions bring big, ambiguous challenges. We embrace problems and uncertainty with optimism and as one team. Trust is the product of humble team members joining together to move Imprint forward and put wins on the board. 🏆 Own a high bar. Excellence isn’t optional when you serve the biggest brands on earth. We demand the best from ourselves and each other, holding a high standard with a strong sense of ownership. We give each other direct feedback because making Imprint better is everyone’s responsibility. 🏆 Own a high bar. Excellence isn’t optional when you serve the biggest brands on earth. We demand the best from ourselves and each other, holding a high standard with a strong sense of ownership. We give each other direct feedback because making Imprint better is everyone’s responsibility. 🏆 Own a high bar. Excellence isn’t optional when you serve the biggest brands on earth. We demand the best from ourselves and each other, holding a high standard with a strong sense of ownership. We give each other direct feedback because making Imprint better is everyone’s responsibility. 🔗 Relationships over transactions. All work and no joy makes for an uninspiring day, especially in a remote world. Being a true team member is more than just focusing on results, it’s communicating thoughtfully, investing in each other, and celebrating together. 🔗 Relationships over transactions. All work and no joy makes for an uninspiring day, especially in a remote world. Being a true team member is more than just focusing on results, it’s communicating thoughtfully, investing in each other, and celebrating together. 🔗 Relationships over transactions. All work and no joy makes for an uninspiring day, especially in a remote world. Being a true team member is more than just focusing on results, it’s communicating thoughtfully, investing in each other, and celebrating together. Testimonials Testimonials What does success look like at Imprint? The credit card ​industry is an ​intriguing puzzle with ​numerous edge cases. ​To succeed at Imprint, ​one must be genuinely ​curious and ask many ​questions.” Moustafa Elkholy | Controller What’s unique about Imprint? At Imprint, I have the ​opportunity to work on projects ​from inception to completion, ​allowing for significant personal ​contribution and innovation. ​The company culture emphasizes ​accessibility, facilitating regular ​interactions with senior ​leadership, which greatly ​enhances professional ​development and visibility.” Cathy Yu | Credit Strategy Manager What is your favorite thing you’ve learned since joining Imprint? At Imprint, I’ve come to appreciate ​the importance of nimbleness and ​being comfortable with ​uncomfortable situations. Things ​change quickly at an early-stage ​company – not just in the product – ​so it’s important to figure out how to ​solve hard problems quickly and ​adapt when necessary. There’s ​never one distinct right answer, so ​you have to focus and trust that ​you’re working with professionals. ​Then, things seem to work out.” Alex Becker | Software Engineer, Product Engineering