Imprint - Modern co-branded credit cards Cardholder sign in Cardholder sign in Bespoke credit cards, deposit accounts, and installment loans. Our co-branded financial products attract more users, drive increased spend and engagement, and help you better understand your customers. Learn more Learn more Learn more An impactful partner to iconic brands CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more An impactful partner to iconic brands CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more CRATE & BARREL A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more RAKUTEN Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more BOOKING.COM Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more Powering a more rewarding way to shop with Rakuten. Learn more Creating the card that travels with you. Learn more A seamless card experience for a design icon. Learn more Imprint Core means complete control Imprint Core powers every sign-up, every swipe, every rewards redemption, and everything in between. We've built a credit card platform from scratch that lets us tailor the co-branded experience to your brand’s ambitions. Learn more Learn more Learn more Predict Our underwriting approach helps your brand sustainably build bigger programs with more informed approvals and more bespoke  credit lines. Insights Marketing Rewards Predict Our underwriting approach helps your brand sustainably build bigger programs with more informed approvals and more bespoke  credit lines. Insights Marketing Rewards Built for Impact, every step of the way Predict Predict Insights Insights Marketing Marketing Rewards Rewards Our underwriting approach helps your brand sustainably build bigger programs with more informed approvals and more bespoke credit lines. Built for impact, every step of the way. Predict Predict Insights Insights Marketing Marketing Rewards Rewards Our underwriting approach helps your brand sustainably build bigger programs with more informed approvals and more bespoke credit lines. Built for impact, every step of the way. Built for impact, every step of the way. Predict Predict Insights Insights Marketing Marketing Rewards Rewards Our underwriting approach helps your brand sustainably build bigger programs with more informed approvals and more bespoke credit lines. Our track record 3X faster than industry average 1 s 1 s 1 s Application decision time x 75 % 75 % 75 % Non-crash rate (iOS and Android) x 75 % 75 % 75 % Backend critical services uptime x 12,999,943 12,999,943 Transactions and counting 13M x 24/   7 24/ 7 On call engineering team availability