About Us - Our Mission & Team | Aven | Aven Card Home Equity Visa® Card Home Equity Cash Rewards Visa® Card Reviews Support Partnerships About Us Contact Us Blog Careers Press Sign In About Us Reinventing credit to help people build wealth Aven's mission is to deliver the lowest-cost and most transparent access to capital at scale. By giving people credit for what they own, we've saved our customers millions — and we're just getting started. $3B+ Funded to Customers $215M+ Cumulative Interest Saved 1 $400M+ Equity Raised Loved by thousands 4.9/5 Read 6,587 Reviews “Everybody markets in such a way that it’s going to be the best thing since sliced bread. But actually it was amazing.” Raitis Entrepreneur “I tried to figure out where was the catch, so to speak. And I couldn’t find it.” Edward Hollywood Set Dresser “Such a no brainer. It avoided all of the traditional banking issues. It was such an easier option.” Mary Restaurant Manager “No way is it that easy. Because nothing is that easy. If it is that easy, it is usually too good to be true.” Said MMA Fighter Meet our world class Advisory Board Lawrence H. Summers Former Treasury Secretary Renowned economist and former U.S. Treasury Secretary, World Bank Chief Economist, and Obama's NEC director. Ex-Harvard president, now Charles W. Eliot Professor, Summers is a leading voice in national and global economic policy. Kevin Warsh Former Board Governor Federal Reserve American financier and former Fed Governor. Served as Special Assistant to the President for Economic Policy. Now a Distinguished Fellow at Hoover, Stanford GSB lecturer, Group of Thirty member, and CBO adviser. Jim Messina Former White House Deputy Chief of Staff American political adviser, key figure in Obama's administration as White House Deputy Chief of Staff. He's also advised UK PMs David Cameron & Theresa May, and Spain's PM Mariano Rajoy. Patrick McHenry Former Chairman of the House Financial Services Committee Former Chairman of the U.S. House Financial Services Committee, recognized for bipartisan leadership and deep expertise in financial regulation, innovation, and capital markets policy. Michael DeVito Former CEO of Freddie Mac American financier and former CEO of Freddie Mac, a leading U.S. mortgage financer. Previously spent 23+ years at Wells Fargo, rising to EVP and Head of Home Lending. Timothy Mayopoulos Former CEO of Fannie Mae American businessman and lawyer, former CEO of Fannie Mae and later CEO of Silicon Valley Bridge Bank after SVB's 2023 collapse. He's also held senior roles at BofA, Deutsche Bank, Credit Suisse, and DLJ. Backed by top tier investors. We are hiring. Explore Opportunities You have this application open on a different tab or device. Do you want to continue here? Yes, Continue Here No, Close This Window 5312e619