Careers at Aven - Join the Machine Banking Revolution | Aven Card Home Equity Visa® Card Home Equity Cash Rewards Visa® Card Reviews Support Partnerships About Us Contact Us Blog Careers Press Sign In Work at Aven Join the machine banking revolution We're building the machine banking platform to cut the cost of capital in half — come help us build it. Explore Opportunities We are hiring world-class technologists, builders, creatives logicians and polymaths to build the future of banking and reduce the cost of capital. Technologists Top talent only. Join elite tech minds: mathematicians, engineers, data scientists. Builders Believe in building machines to solve big problems—and be the best at it. That should excite you. Creative Logicians Think differently to build social infrastructure. We mix engineering and creativity to create 10x solutions. Polymaths Master the details first. Learn everything—then invent. Own it all, from legal frameworks to APIs. $3B+ Funded to Customers $215M+ Cumulative Interest Saved 1 $400M+ Equity Raised Why Aven? Hear from our leaders Sadi Khan (CEO) Why I'm building Aven — and why you should join us Read More Usman Ghani (CTO) What if a bank was run by machines? Read More We are... Customer First Always start with the end user in mind—every time. At the end of the day, we are nothing without our customers. Every decision we make, every line of code we write, must answer one question: How does this benefit the customer? Rational Create value. State facts. Use logic. Avoid embellishment. Minimize emotion. We prioritize rationality in decision-making—aim before firing, measure before cutting, and think before acting. Minimalists Simplicity is elegant. Simplicity is timeless. Simplicity is scalable. Every time we’ve made things simpler, we’ve made them better. From our direct mail flow to our marketing experiments. We spend hours removing a single char. Fast Decide fast. Learn fast. Speed isn’t the enemy of quality—it’s the path to it. Every day, we aim to move faster than the day before. Fundamentalist To invent anything, we believe in digging deep into systems, laws, and code of what has been done in the past. Only after we deeply understand the past can we invent new ways of making them better. Loved by thousands 4.9/5 Read 6,587 Reviews “Everybody markets in such a way that it’s going to be the best thing since sliced bread. But actually it was amazing.” Raitis Entrepreneur “I tried to figure out where was the catch, so to speak. And I couldn’t find it.” Edward Hollywood Set Dresser “Such a no brainer. It avoided all of the traditional banking issues. It was such an easier option.” Mary Restaurant Manager “No way is it that easy. Because nothing is that easy. If it is that easy, it is usually too good to be true.” Said MMA Fighter Backed by top tier investors. Joined by a world class board of advisors. Lawrence H. Summers Former Treasury Secretary Renowned economist and former U.S. Treasury Secretary, World Bank Chief Economist, and Obama's NEC director. Ex-Harvard president, now Charles W. Eliot Professor, Summers is a leading voice in national and global economic policy. Kevin Warsh Former Board Governor Federal Reserve American financier and former Fed Governor. Served as Special Assistant to the President for Economic Policy. Now a Distinguished Fellow at Hoover, Stanford GSB lecturer, Group of Thirty member, and CBO adviser. Jim Messina Former White House Deputy Chief of Staff American political adviser, key figure in Obama's administration as White House Deputy Chief of Staff. He's also advised UK PMs David Cameron & Theresa May, and Spain's PM Mariano Rajoy. Patrick McHenry Former Chairman of the House Financial Services Committee Former Chairman of the U.S. House Financial Services Committee, recognized for bipartisan leadership and deep expertise in financial regulation, innovation, and capital markets policy. Michael DeVito Former CEO of Freddie Mac American financier and former CEO of Freddie Mac, a leading U.S. mortgage financer. Previously spent 23+ years at Wells Fargo, rising to EVP and Head of Home Lending. Timothy Mayopoulos Former CEO of Fannie Mae American businessman and lawyer, former CEO of Fannie Mae and later CEO of Silicon Valley Bridge Bank after SVB's 2023 collapse. He's also held senior roles at BofA, Deutsche Bank, Credit Suisse, and DLJ. We are hiring. Explore Opportunities You have this application open on a different tab or device. Do you want to continue here? Yes, Continue Here No, Close This Window 5312e619