About Mercury | The art of simplified finances Log In Log In Open Account Open Menu Transformative banking for ambitious entrepreneurs Mercury is a fintech company, not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services provided through Choice Financial Group and Column N.A., Members FDIC. Simplifying the outdated and complex Because banking should do more Money flows through every decision entrepreneurs make when they start, and scale, their businesses. So Mercury was founded with the idea of making banking better for ambitious endeavors. We spent our first five years turning the banking experience into less of an obstacle and more of a catalyst. One extraordinary product, many everyday uses But we didn’t stop with just providing access to checking and savings accounts, credit and debit cards . With Mercury, banking 1 has evolved into the nucleus of your financial operations. The source-of-truth for your money movement, where you can quickly and easily make payments, send invoices, pay bills, monitor spend, and understand your cash flow. All from one place. It's banking as it should be. Backed by the best We’re backed by top-tier venture capitalists, angel investors, and 2,500+ community members. Mercury in the news Fast Company’s Most Innovative “This fintech company is making business banking safer for startups.” Read the Story Forbes Fintech 50 “Within days of Silicon Valley Bank’s failure in March 2023, Mercury picked up more than $2 billion in deposits, and it had retained 92% of the customers six months after.” Read the Story Fortune’s Best Places to Work Rated 16th out of 100 in Fortune’s Best Medium Workplaces in 2023. Read the Story Fortune “Big banks have seen the most deposits from startups since SVB’s collapse — but there’s one startup in the mix.” Read the Story TechCrunch “Mercury is taking on Brex and Ramp with new bill pay, spend management software.” Read the Story The Generalist “Mercury is ready for the moment.” Read the Story A team focused on growth and progress Putting our values into practice Our 1,000+ employees are all encouraged to question processes, voice their opinions, and pursue and recognize excellence. Join Our Team Our cup of tea Since the beginning, it’s been customary for our teams to serve each other tea. The ritual of sharing a cup reminds us to slow down, recharge, and be grateful. Don’t be surprised if you get some from us to help you do the same. Contact us We’re always happy to chat or receive feedback. Say hello Send us questions, comments, or a poem. Email Us Press inquiries Get in touch with our communications team. Email Us Disclaimers and footnotes Mercury is a fintech company, not an FDIC-insured bank . Banking services provided through Choice Financial Group and Column N.A. , Members FDIC. Deposit insurance covers the failure of an insured bank.