Mercury Blog | Insights, Inside Mercury & Meridian Log In Log In Open Account Resources and inspiration for ambitious builders Deep Dives Report: The new economics of starting up How 1,500 early-stage companies are raising, spending, and hiring in 2025 By Mercury Deep Dives The future belongs to those who prepare like Dwarkesh Patel By Shreeda Segan Go-to-Market A founder’s guide to BFCM: Balancing inventory, ad spend, and promotions By Dennis Yao Yu Company News Mercury Annual Letter 2025 Updates, insights, and reflections on 2024. By Immad Akhund Deep Dives 2025 Ecommerce Holiday Report: Headwinds, High Hopes, and AI Acceleration How 750 ecommerce businesses are planning for the holiday sales season after a turbulent year. By Sid Orlando Practical learnings, resources, and guides to help you build your business Gain More Insights Business Operations The 8 most common inventory mistakes (and how to fix them) If you’re trying to prevent stockouts and overstocking, reduce cash flow issues, and build operational resilience, be aware of these eight common inventory mistakes. By Kemal Didic Business Banking PayPal Working Capital: What you need to know (+ alternatives) Understand common working capital loan types for covering your inventory, rent, utilities, and more. By Tucker McKay Business Operations What your first consulting retainer agreement should cover — but often doesn’t Learn how to structure a strong consulting retainer agreement to ensure a well-defined scope and clear client expectations. By Anna Burgess Yang Business Banking The best banks for agencies and consultants: How to find the right fit for your business Learn how business accounts at fintechs and traditional banks meet the needs of agency founders and independent consultants managing client revenue. By Rosalind Toews Ideas Dwarkesh Patel’s lessons for founders Exploring what’s made Dwarkesh Podcast so successful and how that translates for building any business. By Andrew Shen Business Banking Business credit card vs. line of credit: The best option for your business A clear guide to choosing between a business credit card and a business line of credit. By Mercury Accounting & Financial Ops What is WIP accounting? A simple, real-world explanation of work-in-progress accounting: what it is, why it matters, and how to manage it without getting lost in the numbers. By Mercury Scaling & Growth Wix vs. WordPress: Choosing the right platform for your first website A startup-friendly guide to choosing the right website platform so you can launch with confidence. By Mercury Business Operations Are business credit card rewards taxable? Learn how the IRS views rebates, bonuses, and reward redemptions. By Mercury Scaling & Growth Squarespace vs. WordPress: Which platform fits your goals? A practical guide for founders and small business owners to build a site that grows with them. By Mercury Business Operations Sole proprietor or LLC when applying for a business credit card? We get into the nitty gritty of getting a business credit card as a sole proprietor or LLC, and break down how your business structure can impact the way lenders view your company. By Mercury Ideas Move fast and build trust: Anarghya Vardhana’s tips for early-stage startups Vanta’s investor in residence on embracing transparent communication and cultivating strong culture — and how that can impact your startup’s growth potential. By Julie Schneider Ideas Breaking through the noise: The new rules of startup brand building Two operators-turned-investors on how founders can build authentic, durable brands in an era of endless content. By Julie Schneider and Andrew Shen Scaling & Growth Shopify vs. Squarespace: Which helps you scale faster? Compare Shopify and Squarespace to find the best fit for your store’s goals and growth. By Mercury Deep Dives 2025 Ecommerce Holiday Report: Headwinds, High Hopes, and AI Acceleration How 750 ecommerce businesses are planning for the holiday sales season after a turbulent year. By Sid Orlando Business Operations From idea to invoice: What to set up before you launch A clear roadmap to go from business idea to first invoice without getting lost in the startup chaos. By Mercury Accounting & Financial Ops What is tail spend? The hidden costs draining your company's budget A clear look at the small expenses that add up and how to keep them under control. By Mercury Accounting & Financial Ops How to consolidate business debts When you streamline your loans, cards, and credit lines into a single payment, you take back control of your business so you can focus on its growth. By Mercury Business Banking Should my small business accept credit card payments? Credit cards make buying easy for customers — but the fees for small business owners can add up fast. Here’s how to decide if accepting cards is worth the cost. By Mercury Fundraising How emerging managers can win LP trust — and what founders can learn A recap of a conversation with Cendana Capital’s Graham Pingree and Mercury CEO Immad Akhund. By Josh Richards Accounting & Financial Ops How to get a business credit card before having revenue Even in the pre-revenue stage, financial discipline matters. Here’s how to use a no-revenue business credit card strategically to build credit and strengthen your company’s operations. By Mercury Scaling & Growth Why your business credit score isn’t going up — even if you’re paying on time Understand what truly improves your score and builds credibility with vendors, lenders, and partners. By Tom Frantz Business Banking How to fix your business credit without starting over Learn practical steps to repair your profile, regain control, and move forward with confidence. By Mercury Accounting & Financial Ops How to set up a chart of accounts that grows with you Building your Chart of Accounts (CoA) early makes it easier to track spending, measure performance, and keep your financials organized as you grow. By Tucker McKay Stories to engage and explore the entrepreneurial imagination Dive Into Meridian Ideas Bet-the-company ideas By Byrne Hobart Founder Features Building marketplaces with Sara Mauskopf Six years into Winnie, Mauskopf shares learnings, challenges, and thoughts on the road ahead. By Janaki M. Rao Founder Features Charles Hudson is optimistic about outliers Find out how one investor finds success in the margins. By Athena Feng Founder Features Carolynn Levy, inventor of the SAFE Levy shares how she wrote the five-page document that underpins much of early-stage venture capital today. By Janaki M. Rao Founder Features Ryan Hoover errs on the side of curiosity How the founder and investor’s inquisitive nature charts his course. By Tamara Rahoumi Company and product updates, plus glimpses behind the scenes Learn More About Mercury Company News Accelerating our ambitions Today, we’re announcing Mercury's $300M Series C — a mix of primary and secondary funding — at a $3.5B valuation, led by Sequoia Capital. By Immad Akhund Product Updates Goodbye waitlist. Mercury Personal is open to the public. By Alexey Likuev Product Updates October 2025 — Lower Treasury minimums, improvements to mobile, and more By Barrett Johnson , Logan Wooden , Katherine Kramer , and Deanna Shen Product Updates November 2025 — 1099 filing, real-time payments, improved auto-transfer rules, and more By Barrett Johnson , Logan Wooden , Deanna Shen , Athena Feng , and Ligia Ishida Product Updates The card for day one — and every day after that By Tom Frantz Explore All Topics Read All Stories Accounting & Financial Ops Get into the numbers. Business Banking Resources for navigating your business finances with confidence. Business Operations Resources for running your business effectively. Company News Announcements and updates from Mercury. Customer Stories How businesses are building and growing with Mercury. Deep Dives Beneath the surface, into the archives, down the rabbit hole, and beyond. Founder Features Spotlight on ambitious builders and thinkers. Fundraising Articles on connecting with investors and funding your vision. Go-to-Market All about launching, positioning, and distributing your product. Ideas Perspectives on entrepreneurship, business, and more. Product Updates The latest Mercury releases and product news. Scaling & Growth Resources for reaching the next level. Starting a Business Resources to help you build. Disclaimers and footnotes Mercury is a fintech company, not an FDIC-insured bank . Banking services provided through Choice Financial Group and Column N.A. , Members FDIC. Deposit insurance covers the failure of an insured bank.