Shape your career at Mercury | Job opportunities in Fintech Log In Log In Open Account Open Menu Shape your career at Mercury Join our team as we work to transform how the world operates. See Open Roles Mercury is a fintech company, not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services provided through Choice Financial Group and Column N.A., Members FDIC. Our values. Your strengths. Think actively Lead with curiosity. Question, experiment, and find better ways to do things. Be super helpful Go above and beyond to solve problems, and do it as a team. Act with humility Treat everyone with respect and leave your ego at the door. Appreciate quality Pursue and recognize excellence to build something that lasts. Focus on the outcome Get the right results by taking extreme ownership of the process. Seek wisdom Be transparent. Find connections in the universe’s knowledge. Use this information sensibly. What to expect at Mercury Enthusiasm for the workplace — and the people 96% of employees say that Mercury is a great place to work. A remote-first culture, plus the option to work from one of our offices San Francisco, CA New York, NY Portland, OR A deliberately designed experience Work is a big part of your life — and that’s why every detail matters. From our merch to team trips and regular office events, we’re fully invested in crafting an intentional employee experience. Employee benefits at a glance Health, dental, & vision 12+ weeks of paid parental leave $600 custom work-from-home equipment setup Annual $1K learning & development budget Paid 6-week sabbatical after the 5-year mark Weekly $100 food budget Monthly $100 wellness budget Monthly $50 cellphone reimbursement Pet-friendly offices with free tea and beverages, plus lunch and snacks Unlimited vacation policy (with a mandatory minimum) Retirement matching up to 4% of base salary (401K/RRSP) Inclusive fertility, hormonal health, and family-forming benefits through Carrot Fertility A close-up on culture We put our values into practice Our 950+ employees are all encouraged to question processes, voice their opinions, and pursue excellence. Diversity is our priority We fully embrace every individual, all their differences, and the collective artistry they offer — so that they have the tools and conditions to do great work and unleash their greatest ideas. A commitment to career growth Elevating our employees goes beyond benefits and perks — it also means giving them opportunities to do high-impact work that helps to move their careers forward. We put our values into practice Our 950+ employees are all encouraged to question processes, voice their opinions, and pursue excellence. Diversity is our priority We fully embrace every individual, all their differences, and the collective artistry they offer — so that they have the tools and conditions to do great work and unleash their greatest ideas. A commitment to career growth Elevating our employees goes beyond benefits and perks — it also means giving them opportunities to do high-impact work that helps to move their careers forward. 1 / 3 Open roles Compliance Financial Crimes Compliance Modeling & Analytics Manager Any office or remote Customer Experience Customer Support Incident Responder SF, NY, Portland, or remote Customer Support Technical Operations Manager Any office or remote Director of Customer Experience SF, NY, Portland, or remote Data Science Senior Data Scientist - Accounting Any office or remote Senior Data Scientist - Fraud Any office or remote Design Principal Product Designer - Experiences Any office or remote Senior Product Designer Any office or remote Engineering Senior Backend Engineer - Product Any office or remote Senior Engineering Manager - Banking Any office or remote Senior Engineering Manager - Risk Any office or remote Senior Full-Stack Engineer Any office or remote Senior iOS Engineer Any office or remote Senior Machine Learning Engineer Any office or remote Senior Manager - Engineering Operations Any office or remote Senior Software Engineer - Bank Accounts Any office or remote Senior Software Engineering Educator Any office or remote Senior Software Engineer - Reconciliation Any office or remote Senior Software Engineer - Treasury Any office or remote Software Engineer - Product Any office or remote Software Engineer - Risk Any office or remote Staff Software Engineer - Personal Banking Any office or remote Finance Strategic Finance Associate - Corporate Finance & Systems Any office or remote Financial Partnerships & Operations Product Partnerships Manager – Expansion SF, NY, Portland, or remote Senior Financial Partnerships Manager - Cards SF, NY, Portland, or remote Senior Technical Operations Treasury Specialist SF, NY, Portland, or remote Legal Legal Operations Specialist Any office or remote Marketing Insights Editor SF, NY, Portland, or remote People Recruiting Systems and Analytics Lead Any office or remote Senior People Operations Generalist Any office or remote Product Senior Product Manager - Personal Banking Any office or remote Senior Product Manager - Reconciliation Any office or remote Senior Strategic Operations Program Manager - Investment Products Any office or remote Staff Product Manager - Lending Systems Any office or remote Risk Card Fraud Manager Any office or remote Senior Risk Strategist - Fraud Any office or remote Vendor Strategist - BPO Any office or remote Sales & Partnerships Account Executive - New Verticals SF, NY, Portland, or remote Account Executive - Startups SF, NY, Portland, or remote Relationship Manager San Francisco Sales Development Manager SF, NY, Portland, or remote Sales Development Representative SF, NY, Portland, or remote Senior Associate - Venture Ecosystem Sales New York Strategic Partnerships - VCs & Law Firms NYC or SF Disclaimers and footnotes Mercury is a fintech company, not an FDIC-insured bank . Banking services provided through Choice Financial Group and Column N.A. , Members FDIC. Deposit insurance covers the failure of an insured bank.