Personal Banking | Smarter Checking & High-Yield Savings | Mercury Log In Log In Open Account Open Menu The future of personal banking has arrived Power your personal ambitions with smarter ways to manage, move, and grow your money — all for $240/year. Earn 3.50 % APY on your savings account. Mercury is a fintech company, not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services provided through Choice Financial Group and Column N.A., Members FDIC. One subscription, endless opportunities to optimize your money. Earn 3.50 % APY on your savings Never miss an opportunity to grow with high-yield savings accounts with no minimum balance. 20x your FDIC insurance Access $5M FDIC insurance or more based on eligibility, through our partner banks and their sweep networks. Invest with confidence Put your money to work and keep more of what you earn with low-fee investments right in your account. Manage your finances, together Share access with anyone with custom user permissions or create a joint account with your spouse or partner. Make banking a breeze Send no-fee domestic and international USD wires, set auto-transfer rules, drag-and-drop bills, and tackle tasks in no time. Get your paycheck faster Thanks to faster direct deposit, payday can now arrive up to two days sooner. Build your tomorrow with the best of today’s technology Bank without friction See your balances, transactions, and earnings in one place — even toggle between your business and personal accounts . Invest effortlessly Maximize your money and minimize fees with a curated investment portfolio right in your dashboard. Move money like magic Send unlimited domestic and international wires in USD with no additional fees. Plus, set and forget auto-transfer rules between accounts. Bank without friction See your balances, transactions, and earnings in one place — even toggle between your business and personal accounts . Invest effortlessly Maximize your money and minimize fees with a curated investment portfolio right in your dashboard. Move money like magic Send unlimited domestic and international wires in USD with no additional fees. Plus, set and forget auto-transfer rules between accounts. 1 / 3 Make every dollar do more, without doing a thing. A competitive APY in your savings account, powerful software, and protection for it all. Watch your savings account grow with 3.50 % APY Cover the cost of your subscription With just a $7K balance in your savings account, you’ll earn more than $240 annually at the current APY, covering the cost of your subscription. Multiply your money and simplify your investing strategy Invest confidently with a diversified portfolio for a low advisory fee of 0.1% Choose from your preferred mix of low-cost ETFs comprised of U.S. stocks and Treasury bills based on your goals and risk tolerance Keep more of what you earn with a Treasury bill ETF, typically exempt from state and local tax Your funds are always liquid so you can access your money when you need it Experience the confidence that comes with up to $5M in FDIC insurance per account owner 20x That’s how much more protection you’ll unlock compared to the industry standard via our partner banks and their sweep networks. Make money moves without manual tasks Create an account for every goal or expense Enroll in direct deposit to get your paycheck early Set auto-transfer rules between accounts Send no-fee domestic and international USD wires in seconds Drag-and-drop bills to pay them in a click Room for everyone in your life Joint accounts Cards Permissions Approvals Create a joint account for your shared finances One joint account for up to four account owners is included with your annual subscription. Create cards for any user or use case Issue debit cards with custom limits and permissions tailored to a user, designated budget, or a specific merchant. Custom accounts for your family and team Add additional users with custom permissions for your spouse, personal assistant, financial advisor, or anyone who needs access. Approve or decline payments in a click Allow users to send payments on your behalf — you set the limits and have the option to review before approving. Get it all for $240 annually Everything you need to optimize your money — without nickel-and-diming along the way. Included 3.50 % APY on savings accounts Included Up to $5M FDIC insurance through partner banks' sweep networks Included Unlimited no-fee domestic wires, ACH, and check payments Included Reimbursed ATM fees worldwide Included Debit cards with no foreign transaction fees Included Multiple checking and savings accounts Included Additional accounts and debit cards for any use case Included One joint account Included Access to Investment accounts Included International wires in USD Mercury Personal is so different from the traditional alternatives. Sending wires is fast and easy, I earn a fantastic APY, and I love the granular permissions I can set for loved ones. Rajiv Ayyangar CEO, Product Hunt Mercury Personal fits seamlessly into my life. It’s revolutionary for consumer accounts, which have long felt disconnected from the tech sector’s pace and innovation. Shane Mac Co-founder & CEO, XMTP Top-notch user interface. Unlimited wires. Reimbursed ATM fees. Plus, a high-yield savings account. It’s the account I’ve been dreaming of for my personal finances. Ethan Bloch Founder & CEO, Digit It’s the new gold standard for personal accounts. I love that wires are included and I can set money aside in sub-accounts for capital calls, taxes, etc. and have them earn yield. Jake Zeller Founder, Powerset Frequently asked questions What is included in my subscription? Your all-in-one $240 annual subscription fee covers everything your Mercury Personal account is capable of. This includes one individual account and one joint account with up to four account owners. It also comes with multiple checking and high-yield savings accounts and additional users and debit cards for any use case. There’s no limit to payments, domestic or international USD wires, transfers between accounts, or ATM withdrawals, and no foreign transaction fees. For non-USD international wires, you’ll just pay 1%. You can view your rate before completing a transfer. Are my deposits FDIC-insured? Deposits held in checking and savings accounts are FDIC-insured up to $5M per depositor, per insured bank, through our partner banks and their sweep networks, subject to certain requirements. You can learn more about FDIC insurance here . What are my options for investments? You can invest in your desired mix of low-cost ETFs comprised of U.S. stocks and Treasury bills directly from your Mercury account — no separate app or account needed. Who can invest with Mercury Personal? Invest is currently available for individual and joint account holders on Mercury Personal. Are there fees associated for investing with Mercury Personal? Yes. Mercury charges a 0.10% annual advisory fee, deducted monthly. The ETFs and Treasury funds you invest in also have standard expense ratios set by the issuers. What do you do for account security? Mercury makes security a top priority. Here are some measures we take to ensure your security: Require HTTPS on all pages, and use HSTS to ensure browsers only ever connect to Mercury over a secure connection. Employ a third party to perform penetration testing each year to check for vulnerabilities. Hash and store all passwords with the bcrypt algorithm — never as plaintext. Use time-based one-time passwords for two-factor authentication. We never send authentication codes via insecure channels like SMS. Encrypt our database and all uploaded images, with additional encryption for sensitive data like social security numbers. Never store your debit or credit card numbers. Learn more on our Security page . How can I contact support? Once logged into your Mercury Personal account, you can send a message to our support team any time. Plus, you can always get in touch with us via email at [email protected] . Your money deserves better It's time personal banking got an upgrade. Disclaimers and footnotes Mercury is a fintech company, not an FDIC-insured bank . Banking services provided through Choice Financial Group and Column N.A. , Members FDIC. Deposit insurance covers the failure of an insured bank.