DataSnipper - Intelligent Automation Platform Enjoy more of the moments that matter with AI Agents Watch now Enjoy more of the moments that matter with AI Agents Watch now AI Agents for faster Audit and Finance workflows Collect, extract, cross-reference and verify data with the human-led Intelligent Automation Platform Book demo Watch video 4.6 / 5 4.9 / 5 4.6 / 5 Audit and Finance teams excel with DataSnipper 3 x collaboration efficiency 90 % menial tasks eliminated 50 % cost reduction External Audit Internal Audit Tax Financial Control Government Audit Advisory OPPORTUNITY Navigating key challenges Repetitive tasks Audit and Finance teams waste valuable time on tedious and repetitive tasks Documentation chaos Sharing, reviewing, and validating financial evidence is complex and chaotic Increased risk Mounting reporting needs and increasing demands drive error blindness PLATFORM Streamline every step of your workflow with AI Collect Extract Match Analyze Seamless start to every workflow Collecting in DataSnipper kickstarts your workflow by turning documentation into a seamless, compliant collaboration. Explore all Collect features Managing risk is complex AI Agents simplify it Win back time to focus on discrepancies and high-value activities. Kevin Murphy AI Product Lead, GT US “DataSnipper’s new AI Agents demonstrate how AI can enhance, not replace, the human role.” Disclosure Agents Excel agents Transform disclosure checklist reviews into agentic workflows. Explore agents Maximize efficiency with automation Multiply your efforts, while staying in control. Eliminate repetitive tasks at scale. “DataSnipper's focus on embedding AI agents that support interpretability and due care within the user interface reflects a shared commitment to innovation and human-in-the-loop oversight.” Kevin Murphy AI Product Lead Drive impact with collaboration Drive collaboration with a single source of truth by connecting the dots in one workspace. “DataSnipper consolidates my workpaper into a single Excel file which made the testing workpaper much more presentable to the reviewers.” Jun Park International Auditor Boost productivity with standardization Standardize your procedures across people, teams, and functions to increase the quality of your work. "To have a platform that is praised by staff, managers and partners alike is a win!" Paul Vetrone Audit Transformation Director What our users say about us Loved and trusted by 600,000+ users across 175+ countries The vision behind Baker Tilly's solution is simple. Automate and scale repetitive tasks with intelligent automation. Learn how DataSnipper saves them time, while improving audit quality. Read story Learn how Forvis Mazars Nigeria leveraged intelligent automation to prioritize data analysis and provide valuable business and risk solutions for their clients. Read story Uncover how Moore Infinity Inc recognized the need to embrace and adapt to new tech solutions to avoid being outpaced by competitors. Read story Learn how Air Products & Chemicals Incorporated conquered its biggest challenge in audit transformation; changing the mindset of auditors to be more agile and open to new technology. Read story Previous slide Go to slide 1 Go to slide 2 Go to slide 3 Go to slide 4 Next slide "With DataSnipper, you work smarter and not harder" 4.6 / 5 "Unlocking unbelievable efficiencies" 4.9 / 5 "DataSnipper: The bridge between PDF and Excel" 4.7 / 5 "Great software for Auditors! Really helpful team" 5 / 5