World Labs World Labs Spatial Intelligence World Labs is building the next frontier of generative AI — one where models can understand and interact with the world to empower use cases from storytelling to simulation. Spatial intelligence transforms seeing into doing, understanding into reasoning, and imagining into creating. World Labs is a leading spatial intelligence company, building frontier models that can perceive, generate, reason, and interact with the 3D world. Learn more about us From pixels to worlds Marble, our first product, generates spatially consistent, high-fidelity, and persistent 3D worlds that you can move through, edit, and inhabit. Multimodal inputs Create detailed 3D worlds from text, images, videos, or 360 panoramas. Create from 3D layouts Precisely control the 3D layout of generated worlds. Interactive editing Tweak specific elements or reshape your entire 3D world, all with complete control. Expand and combine worlds Expand, edit, and combine generated worlds to build larger and more immersive environments. Versatile outputs Download and export in various 2D and 3D formats for seamless integration into your workflows and pipelines. Start creating with Marble Marble Labs Where imaginative ideas, bold experiments, and creative workflows come to life. Explore in-depth case studies showcasing how Marble powers real-world workflows, and learn how to get started with hands-on tutorials and documentation. Imagine Art Film VFX Virtual Production Where imagination turns into form — from concept to cinematic creation. Read more → Explore Gaming AR/VR Immersive Media Where worlds invite you in — immersive, interactive, and shared. Read more → Simulate Robotics Architecture & Design Health Systems Where systems come alive — modeling motion, physics, and intelligent environments. Read more → Learn Tutorials Documentation Community Where curiosity meets mastery — explore, build, and share knowledge together. Read more → Read more case studies Research and Insights November 12, 2025 Marble: A Multimodal World Model Marble, our frontier multimodal world model, is available to everyone starting today November 10, 2025 From Words to Worlds: Spatial Intelligence is AI’s Next Frontier A manifesto piece explaining what spatial intelligence is, why it matters, and how we’re building the world models that will unlock it—with impact that will reshape creativity, embodied intelligence, and human progress. October 16, 2025 RTFM: A Real-Time Frame Model A research preview of RTFM, a new generative world model that generates video in real-time as you interact with it. Read more