About True Link Log in Sign up  About us True Link exists to provide life-changing financial solutions for people with complex needs and the people who care for them. We founded the company to make life better for our own loved ones, and we’re honored to serve vulnerable elders, people with disabilities, and people in recovery – and their families and professional caregivers – day in and day out. About us Our Mission We’re a caring, diverse, values-driven company, with customers who say things like, “Your company saved my marriage,” “If not for True Link my Son would have returned to substance use,” and “This is the single best product I have ever experienced.” We’re a fast-growing fintech startup that also gets to provide our customers a life-changing solution to some of the most deeply personal, important problems in their lives. What we stand for We are a mission-driven company that operates from a set of five values. Humility We engage with others from a place of self-awareness, respect, and compassion. Inclusion We strive to make True Link a continuously more welcoming and more just community. Caring We care about the people we serve, and about each other. Ambition We are passionate about serving the eleven million people who need our services. Excellence We hold ourselves to high standards, individually and collectively. The backstory Like most successful ideas, True Link was founded to solve a clear and immediate problem. When the lifestyle of a beloved, aging grandmother was threatened by the risks of financial abuse, fraud, and scams, company co-founder Kai Stinchcombe set out to find a solution. The card succeeded in providing the protections his grandmother needed and the increased independence he and his family wished for her. Since then, True Link has worked to expand and build upon the concept of adaptive financial products and services We have evolved our offerings to meet the needs of a broader set of people with complex needs and those who care for them. This includes people in recovery, people with disabilities and their caregivers – from family members to attorneys to recovery centers. Everything we do is focused on making it easier for those who care for others to do what they do best – support the independence and joy of the people who need them. Life’s complex, we get it - we’re here to help make things simpler Get your account set up in 5 minutes. Order In Minutes Spending Monitor Pharmacy Groceries Access to cash Our Story Hear how our Co-founder Kai Stinchcombe started True Link to help people with complex needs better protect their finances and maintain their independence. Spending Monitor Pharmacy Groceries Access to cash Our Vision True Link provides financial solutions for people with complex needs and the people who care for them. We founded the company to make life better for our own loved ones, and we’re honored to serve those who are aging, living with disabilities, in recovery — and their families and professional caregivers — day in and day out. 10+ Years helping families and professionals 250K+ Families served 300+ Nonprofits served 86 Team members in 21 states 97% Of clients would recommend us What We Believe In Humility We engage with others from a place of self-awareness, respect, and compassion. Inclusion We strive to make True Link a continuously more welcoming and more just community. Caring We care about the people we serve, and about each other. Ambition We are passionate about serving the eleven million people who need our services. Excellence We hold ourselves to high standards, individually and collectively. Our Community Thousands of families and professionals all over the country use True Link to help support the people that they care for — and what better way to share the positive impacts of our Visa card than from those who use it each and every day. Meet David Hear how he supports his sister Carol’s independence Learn More Meet Leslie Hear how she supports her aging mom live her best life Learn More As the parent of an adult dual-diagnosis individual, I have found that the True Link Visa Card has allowed me to breathe again. My child has enough freedom to shop for his needs, but no access to unrestricted funds to abuse. He has been as grateful as I have been. He is learning to manage his financial life successfully. –Family Caregiver True Link has been amazing. As the parent of an adult dual-diagnosis individual, I have found that the True Link Visa Card has allowed me to breathe again. My child has enough freedom to shop for his needs, but no access to unrestricted funds to abuse. He has been as grateful as I have been. He is learning to manage his financial life successfully. Name and company “True Link has been amazing! The True Link card gives us independence, autonomy, and security for our family member. The site allows for control and versatility and provides excellent record keeping for transactions. We are very pleased with the service and the staff.” –Family Member “It really means a lot to us that we can call up with questions and have the opportunity to talk with people who really get it and understand the challenges we face with managing finances for our special needs child.” –Family Caregiver True Link has been amazing. As the parent of an adult dual-diagnosis individual, I have found that the True Link Visa Card has allowed me to breathe again. My child has enough freedom to shop for his needs, but no access to unrestricted funds to abuse. He has been as grateful as I have been. He is learning to manage his financial life successfully. Name and company Our Company Leadership Meet our dedicated leaders who make it possible for our team to bring financial solutions to those who need them most. Learn More Impact Dive deeper into some of the stats and highlights of our impact on the people we help each and every day. Learn More Looking to Join Our Mission? As a mission-driven, venture-backed startup, we help protect the spending of vulnerable older adults, people with disabilities, those in recovery, and more — all of whom are often neglected by the financial services industry. See Open Roles