About Us | Pollo AI Home Video AI Image to Video AI Animate a still image into a realistic, dynamic video. Text to Video AI Turn simple text prompts into a stunning, captivating video. Reference to Video Keep character, object, or scene consistent throughout a video. Video to Video AI Recreate existing videos into any creative animation style. AI Animation Generator Generate captivating anime and cartoon videos in various styles. Photo to Video Avatar Create lifelike video avatars from a single photo. AI Music Video Generator Turn your songs into captivating music videos in just minutes with AI. AI Shorts Create viral short videos with no filming and editing. AI Video Editor Edit videos instantly with simple text prompts. Supported Video Models Pollo 2.0 New Veo 3 Hot Sora 2 Kling AI Hailuo AI PixVerse AI Runway Vidu AI Luma AI Pika AI Seedance Wan AI Hunyuan Midjourney Image AI AI Image Generator Turn your ideas to appealing and believable AI images in any style. Image to Image AI Transform your images into new styled and customized variations. Chat to Image Chat with our AI to generate and refine images in real time. Supported Image Models Nano Banana Hot Midjourney Recraft Ideogram Stable Diffusion FLUX Seedream Hot Dall-E Imagen GPT-4o Flux Kontext Qwen Image Wan AI Effects Video Effects AI Kissing Video Generator AI Hug Generator AI Twerk Generator Earth Zoom In AI Bikini Generator Into The Mouth AI Jiggle Video Effect Action Figure AI Muscle Generator AI French Kiss Video Generator AI Fake Date Video Generator AI 360° Rotation Video Generator View More Image Effects AI Selfie with Celebrities Generator Polaroid Duo Selfie Pregnant AI AI Polaroid Maker AI Action Figure Generator AI Fat Filter Ghibli AI Generator AI Beardless Filter AI Simpsons Character Generator Pixar AI Generator AI Caricature Maker AI Baby filter View More AI Tools Video Tools AI Video Upscaler AI Video Enhancer Video to Anime AI Video Filters AI Dance Generator Anime Video Enhancer View More Image Tools Remove BG Object Remover Image Enhancer Ghibli AI Generator Anime Upscaler Image Generators View More API Pricing 0 Login Start for Free About Pollo AI Pioneers in AI Video, Image, and Avatar Generation Pollo AI is the next-gen multimodal content creation platform. Whether you want jaw-dropping images or videos, dynamic avatars, viral video and photo effects, or an infinite canvas to bring your wildest ideas to life, Pollo AI puts a universe of AI-driven possibilities at your fingertips. One Platform, Endless Possibilities Say goodbye to juggling multiple tools. Pollo AI gives you seamless access to cutting-edge AI image and video generators, models, tools, LoRAs, and more, all engineered to deliver jaw-dropping visuals and next-level creativity. Why Choose Pollo AI? Professional Team Founded by a diverse team skilled in AI and multimedia production, Pollo AI delivers a best-in-class experience tailored to your creative journey. Innovative Technology We integrate the latest AI breakthroughs, offering seamless multi-model access, including Veo 3 and others, empowering you to effortlessly produce high-quality videos, images, and more. User-Centric Service Our platform is crafted with the user in mind, featuring an intuitive interface and an infinite canvas to explore limitless creative possibilities. Plus, our dedicated support team is always ready to help. Join 10M+ Users Using Pollo AI to Create and Inspire Get Started Now Get in Touch With Us Company Name: COCOSOFT TECHNOLOGY PTE. LTD. Customer Support: Email: [email protected] Address: 101 THOMSON ROAD, #28-03A, UNITED SQUARE, SINGAPORE 307591 Directions 10 FREE credits unlocked! Open