Pollo AI: The Ultimate AI Video & Image Creation Platform Home Video AI Image to Video AI Animate a still image into a realistic, dynamic video. Text to Video AI Turn simple text prompts into a stunning, captivating video. Reference to Video Keep character, object, or scene consistent throughout a video. Video to Video AI Recreate existing videos into any creative animation style. AI Animation Generator Generate captivating anime and cartoon videos in various styles. Photo to Video Avatar Create lifelike video avatars from a single photo. AI Music Video Generator Turn your songs into captivating music videos in just minutes with AI. AI Shorts Create viral short videos with no filming and editing. AI Video Editor Edit videos instantly with simple text prompts. Supported Video Models Pollo 2.0 New Veo 3 Hot Sora 2 Kling AI Hailuo AI PixVerse AI Runway Vidu AI Luma AI Pika AI Seedance Wan AI Hunyuan Midjourney Image AI AI Image Generator Turn your ideas to appealing and believable AI images in any style. Image to Image AI Transform your images into new styled and customized variations. Chat to Image Chat with our AI to generate and refine images in real time. Supported Image Models Nano Banana Hot Midjourney Recraft Ideogram Stable Diffusion FLUX Seedream Hot Dall-E Imagen GPT-4o Flux Kontext Qwen Image Wan AI Effects Video Effects AI Kissing Video Generator AI Hug Generator AI Twerk Generator Earth Zoom In AI Bikini Generator Into The Mouth AI Jiggle Video Effect Action Figure AI Muscle Generator AI French Kiss Video Generator AI Fake Date Video Generator AI 360° Rotation Video Generator View More Image Effects AI Selfie with Celebrities Generator Polaroid Duo Selfie Pregnant AI AI Polaroid Maker AI Action Figure Generator AI Fat Filter Ghibli AI Generator AI Beardless Filter AI Simpsons Character Generator Pixar AI Generator AI Caricature Maker AI Baby filter View More AI Tools Video Tools AI Video Upscaler AI Video Enhancer Video to Anime AI Video Filters AI Dance Generator Anime Video Enhancer View More Image Tools Remove BG Object Remover Image Enhancer Ghibli AI Generator Anime Upscaler Image Generators View More API Pricing 0 Login Start for Free Your One-Stop AI Image & Video Creation Platform Create Video Create Image Video created with Pollo AI . Watch the full video on YouTube ALL the Great AI Video & Image Models in ONE Place! AI Video Generators With Pollo AI video generator, you can tap into our flagship Pollo 1.6 video model and all top-tier video models in the industry, like: Pollo 2.0 Veo 3 Sora 2 Kling AI Hailuo AI PixVerse AI Runway Vidu AI Luma AI Pika AI Seedance Wan AI Hunyuan AI Video Generator AI Image Generators Pollo AI image generator also allows you to choose from a selection of leading image models. They include: Nano Banana Midjourney Recraft Ideogram Stable Diffusion Flux AI Seedream Dall-E Imagen GPT-4o Flux Kontext Qwen Image Wan AI AI Image Generator Create Stunning Images and Videos ALL on ONE Platform Text to Video AI Pollo AI text to video generator brings your prompts to life with best-in-class visuals and perfectly synchronized audio. Try for Free Text to Video AI Pollo AI text to video generator brings your prompts to life with best-in-class visuals and perfectly synchronized audio. Try for Free Image to Video AI With Pollo AI, you can create jaw-dropping videos from any photos, complete with stylistic consistency and cinematic audio. Try for Free Image to Video AI With Pollo AI, you can create jaw-dropping videos from any photos, complete with stylistic consistency and cinematic audio. Try for Free AI Avatar Generator With Pollo AI Avatar, transform your photo into a fully animated AI avatar video up to 2 minutes long, complete with realistic movement, lip sync, and expressive emotions. Try for Free AI Avatar Generator With Pollo AI Avatar, transform your photo into a fully animated AI avatar video up to 2 minutes long, complete with realistic movement, lip sync, and expressive emotions. Try for Free AI Short Video Generator Pollo AI Shorts lets you create breathtaking multi-scene videos in anime, animal, or soothing styles, all with just one click. Try for Free AI Short Video Generator Pollo AI Shorts lets you create breathtaking multi-scene videos in anime, animal, or soothing styles, all with just one click. Try for Free AI Video Editor Edit your videos instantly using text prompts. Want to change the scene, add effects, swap backgrounds, or adjust lighting? Just type it; we'll handle the rest in seconds. Try for Free AI Video Editor Edit your videos instantly using text prompts. Want to change the scene, add effects, swap backgrounds, or adjust lighting? Just type it; we'll handle the rest in seconds. Try for Free Reference to Video Provide reference images of your character, object, or scene, and keep them consistent across all frames in your videos. Try for Free Reference to Video Provide reference images of your character, object, or scene, and keep them consistent across all frames in your videos. Try for Free Video to Video AI Transform your videos into 30+ creative animation styles, such as Japanese anime, Disney Pixar, claymation, painting and more. Try for Free Video to Video AI Transform your videos into 30+ creative animation styles, such as Japanese anime, Disney Pixar, claymation, painting and more. Try for Free AI Animation Generator Generate anime and cartoon videos in various styles of famous animators, including Hayao Miyazaki, Makoto Shinkai, Katsuhiro Otomo and more. Try for Free AI Animation Generator Generate anime and cartoon videos in various styles of famous animators, including Hayao Miyazaki, Makoto Shinkai, Katsuhiro Otomo and more. Try for Free Text to Image With Pollo AI text to image generator, you can create detail-rich and believable images from descriptions. Ready for fun, social media and even professional uses. Try for Free Text to Image With Pollo AI text to image generator, you can create detail-rich and believable images from descriptions. Ready for fun, social media and even professional uses. Try for Free Image to Image AI Pollo AI image to image generator can transform your existing images into new styled images. Get high-quality recreations that reflect your unique vision. Try for Free Image to Image AI Pollo AI image to image generator can transform your existing images into new styled images. Get high-quality recreations that reflect your unique vision. Try for Free Pollo Canvas Create, edit, and brainstorm freely on an infinite canvas, with all image and video generators, tools, models, and effects. Try for Free Pollo Canvas Create, edit, and brainstorm freely on an infinite canvas, with all image and video generators, tools, models, and effects. Try for Free Viral AI Videos and Photo Effects Want to add a sweet kiss for your loved one or bulk up with AI muscles? Want to turn your photos into Ghibli-style art or snap a selfie with celebrities? No problem! With over 150 video and photo effects, bring your vision to life! Video Effects Photo Effects Hot 2.9M Use This Effect Use This Effect AI Kissing Video Generator 4.5K Use This Effect Use This Effect Action Figure 5K Use This Effect Use This Effect Ice Sculpture 1.5K Use This Effect Use This Effect Backflip 4.6K Use This Effect Use This Effect Become Werewolf New 24 Use This Effect Use This Effect Giant Landmark 1 Use This Effect Use This Effect Dino Arrival 1 Use This Effect Use This Effect Ape Entrance 2.4K Use This Effect Use This Effect Hug From Behind New 10 Use This Effect Use This Effect New Year’s Eve Couple New 28 Use This Effect Use This Effect My 2026 Prediction New 14 Use This Effect Use This Effect New Year Drone Show New 6 Use This Effect Use This Effect New Year Card New 8 Use This Effect Use This Effect Heart Sparkler New 29 Use This Effect Use This Effect Santa Flex New 14 Use This Effect Use This Effect Santa Cam View More Cutting-Edge Tools to Enhance Your AI Creation Try Pollo AI video and image tools to streamline your creation with AI. Upscale, enhance, edit your visuals, or generate specialized AI images and videos for your creative projects. Video Tools Image Tools Use This Tool Use This Tool AI Video Upscaler Use This Tool Use This Tool AI Video Enhancer Use This Tool Use This Tool Video to Anime Use This Tool Use This Tool AI Video Filters Use This Tool Use This Tool AI Dance Generator Use This Tool Use This Tool Anime Video Enhancer Use This Tool Use This Tool Lip Sync Use This Tool Use This Tool Face Swap Video View More Video Tools View More Image Tools Explore Pollo AI's User Creations All Videos AI Effects Avatars Images LoRAs Shorts POLLO 2.0 AI MV Christmas SORA 2 WAN 2.5 Art Gallery Commercial Playful Passion Character Nature View More Join 10M+ Users Using Pollo AI to Create and Inspire Get Started Now Questions and Answers What is Pollo AI? Pollo AI is an ultimate, all-in-one AI video and image generator that allows you to easily create stunning videos and images from various inputs. With Pollo AI, you can transform your ideas into high quality, engaging videos/images in any style promptly. How can I get started with Pollo AI? Pollo AI offers a novice-friendly UI and streamlined generation process. Just provide your text/image/video inputs, configure your customization options and start the generation. You'll get the generated images/videos tailored to your needs. If you need help using Pollo AI, you can join our Discord server https://discord.gg/zyxEJfsF7u. How fast is Pollo AI video generator? Pollo AI video generator is designed for speed. While the exact time can vary depending on the complexity of your input and requirements, as well as the model you choose, Pollo AI can provide significantly faster speed than our competitors. Why should I use Pollo AI image generator? Pollo AI lets you create images from text prompts, existing images, or chat conversations. You get access to many top industry AI models like GPT-4o. It also includes over 2,000 specialized LoRA models , 100+ specialized image generators , and more, all on one platform. Do I need any technical skills to use Pollo AI avatar generator? Not at all! There is no pretraining or pre-recording required—simply upload a photo, add your script or audio, and the AI instantly creates a lifelike, speaking avatar with natural expressions and gestures. You can also try the Pollo AI product avatar generator to create product ad videos instantly. How does Pollo AI ensure the uniqueness of my generated video or image? The AI technology of Pollo AI is designed to generate unique content based on the specific inputs you provide. This ensures that every video and image created with Pollo AI is original and tailored to your specific needs and preferences. Do Pollo AI-generated images/videos have watermarks? If you're a free plan user, the images or videos you generate with Pollo AI will come with a watermark. To get watermark-free outputs, you'll need to subscribe to one of our paid plans. Can I use Pollo AI for commercial purposes? Yes, videos or images created with Pollo AI can be used for commercial purposes, if you're a paid plan subscriber. Whether you're using it in your advertisement, promotional content, or a product explainer video, Pollo AI is equipped to meet your needs. Is Pollo AI free to use? Yes, Pollo AI offers a free plan! This allows users to explore its features and create images or videos without any cost. Upgrade options are also available if you need more generation credits, advanced features and capabilities. How can I contact you if I have more questions? If you have more questions about Pollo AI or need help using our products, you can contact our support team at [email protected] or join our Discord server https://discord.gg/zyxEJfsF7u. Bring Your Ideas to Life Today AI Video Generator AI Image Generator 10 FREE credits unlocked! Open