Pulley | Cap table management for founders and finance leaders Switching from Carta? Get a free trial of Pulley with your data. Try Pulley Manage equity. Make decisions. Get back to work. Manage your cap table with intuitive tools built to help founders and finance leaders make informed decisions without breaking stride. GET A DEMO Trusted by 8000+ ambitious companies from seed to scale When you’re a founder, it’s you against the world. After launch, you’ll find yourself negotiating with people who know more about equity than you do. If you get it wrong, it’s your wealth at stake. We built Pulley to level the playing field. Pulley for Founders When you're a finance leader, precision is key. As you scale, equity gets more complicated. Pulley helps you move quickly and take decisive action without compromising on accuracy or compliance. Pulley for Finance Leaders Your equity platform should put you first Manage equity and tokens with intuitive tools built to help founders and finance leaders make informed decisions without breaking stride. Other equity platforms try to serve founders, VCs, and law firms at the same time. Pulley is focused on founders and finance teams, so we do things differently. A simple, user-friendly UI You won't have to spend time learning Pulley or pay a paralegal to use it. Expect crisp experiences focused on getting work done. Fair, transparent pricing With us, you know exactly what you're going to pay. And we've taken smart steps to keep costs manageable and push overhead down. see pricing Your data is your data We mean it. Multi-sided markets are great, but we're all in on founders. So, we don't monetize your data, and we'll never keep you from accessing it. Real expert support Get human support from industry experts at every step in your company’s journey. And our managed services team is here to help with any need. Built to scale with you Pulley is built to handle sophisticated stakeholder management, compliance, modeling, and liquidity challenges as your company expands. Take command of your cap table From seed to scale, Pulley gives you everything you need to manage equity and tokens in one simple, powerful platform. Built for founders. Trusted by finance leaders. Ready for what’s next. Learn more about Cap Tables Learn more about 409A Valuations Learn more about Compliance Model your next round with confidence Pulley helps founders and finance leaders explore dilution, SAFEs, and exit scenarios—all in one place. Save thousands in legal fees, avoid costly mistakes, and walk into investor meetings with a clear plan. Learn more about Fundraising Learn more about 409A Valuations Learn more about SAFEs Launch liquidity on your terms Pulley and Nasdaq Private Market help you design secure, custom liquidity programs for employees and investors—fully integrated with your cap table. Reward your team, simplify ownership, and stay in control. Learn more about Liquidity Owning a company is a skill. Pulley helps you master it. Grow with Pulley Pulley isn't just for startups. It's scalable equity infrastructure built for every stage of growth. As your company grows, equity gets more complicated and uncertain. Pulley extends to handle advanced equity challenges without losing the simplicity and clarity you count on. SEE ADVANCED FINANCIAL CAPABILITIES Real support, real transparency Our in-house experts review every Pulley cap table for accuracy, and our managed services team is available on-demand to help you move faster. With Pulley, pricing is unambiguous. And we’ll never monetize your data, ever. Be audit-ready Built-in ASC 718 reporting Support for both GAAP and IFRS reporting standards Direct integrations with major accounting systems 409A valuation services Think ahead Advanced scenario modeling and waterfall reports for M&A, fundraising, and employee liquidity events Integration with Nasdaq Private Markets to support liquidity Equity management becomes exponentially complex as you scale. We chose Pulley because they turned that complexity into simplicity – letting us focus on building our product, not managing our cap table. Karri Saarinen CEO at Linear Having a source of truth for token distribution is by far the most beneficial part of using Pulley. It's easy to understand when tokens are vesting when they are being distributed, who has received or exercised options, and who hasn’t. Highly recommended for anyone in the crypto space. Ari Litan Advisor and Former COO at LayerZero I absolutely love Pulley and recommend it to every client! The pro forma modeling tool can save a startup thousands by making it easy to quickly and effectively model how each SAFE or convertible note impacts the cap table. Pulley has become an essential part of any pre-Series A financing. Kelly Boyd Attorney at Montgomery Pacific Pulley has proven to be a valuable partner in streamlining and managing our token operations on a single platform. Their outstanding customer support also made the transition extremely easy for our team. Sr. Corporate Paralegal & Equity Token Administrator at Mysten Labs We are wrapping up our financial audit. The stock based comp reporting was a snap with Pulley! Kent Toy VP of Finance Pulley was promoting their service with a simpler/faster onboarding process and I can confirm that it was really smooth. The rep was friendly and walked me through the process. We had every feature in Pulley we needed thus far (at seed stage, with a sizable team). The interface is simple, good UX, etc. Balázs Scheidler CEO at Axoflow “I like the fact that we can use our own documents, especially for options. Combine that and other features with the competitive pricing and you have a win.” Tim Gutwald General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer How much does Pulley cost? We’re happy to tell you. Startup $1200 /YR First 25 stakeholders included. Above 25? Contact us Growth $3500 /YR First 40 stakeholders included. Above 40? Contact us Enterprise Contact us Tailored solutions to fit your company’s equity needs. *A stakeholder is an individual person who holds an ownership stake in your company. Angel investors writing checks for $50,000 or less count as half a stakeholder. Why? Because starting a company is hard, and we want to help. Learn more about pricing Transition to Pulley The only cap table management tool you’ll ever need. GET A DEMO Pulley's SOC 2 Type 2 audit was performed by Insight Assurance Products Use Cases Resources Company Copyright @ 2025 Prolific Labs Incorporated. All Rights Reserved. All content presented herein is for informational purposes only. Nothing should be construed as legal advice. Pulley's SOC 2 Type 2 audit was performed by Insight Assurance Close Cookie Popup Cookie Settings By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage and assist in our marketing efforts. More info Accept All Cookies Cookie Settings Close Cookie Preference Manager Cookie Settings By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage and assist in our marketing efforts. More info Cookies Preferences