All updates — Increase Increase: a modern banking core Increase writes banking software that powers some of the most innovative financial products in the world. Start here to learn about what we've built and where we're headed. No Abstractions: an Increase API design principle Learn about the foundational design principle of Increase’s API and how it helps us model the inherent complexity of the underlying financial networks we work with. All updates All Product Updates Customer stories Articles October 14, 2025 Article Lending, fast and slow Small‑business lending bifurcated over the last decade. October 7, 2025 Article Why we’re still talking about paper checks in 2025 We’re not going to sell you on the benefits of sending checks. If you’re sending checks in 2025, you’re doing it because you have to. September 18, 2025 Article Agentic commerce — the Increase perspective Agents based on large language models are doing more and more for us. Empowering them to make payments on our behalf is a live frontier. September 9, 2025 Article Embedding financial services in vertical software Embedding financial services in industry-specialized software is good for customers, good for software companies, and good for banks. But to do it well, you need direct access to banking fundamentals and a willingness to understand how money actually moves. June 30, 2025 Product Updates Q2 2025 Newsletter Changes for Q2 2025, including API event log filtering, Event page improvements, Check Transfer enhancements, and more. June 26, 2025 Customer story Check partners with Increase to enable reliable, transparent payroll solutions Check is a leading embedded payroll infrastructure, giving businesses the ability to integrate payroll directly into their platforms. Whether those platforms are designed for coffee shops or construction companies, Check ensures their payroll operations run efficiently – supporting thousands of businesses and hundreds of thousands of employees. Their mission is to simplify payroll, making it seamless, scalable, and accessible to platforms of all shapes and sizes. However, achieving this goal requires more than functional software—it depends on having high visibility into the underlying financial networks and access to faster payment methods, areas where traditional banking partnerships can fall short. April 24, 2025 Article Building a bill pay program Learn more about what goes into building a bill pay program with Increase. March 31, 2025 Product Updates Q1 2025 Newsletter Changes for Q1 2025, including File Links, check deposit images, Apple Pay transaction history, and more. March 31, 2025 Customer story How Ascend facilitates payments and automates insurance AR/AP workflows with Increase Ascend is a leading finance automation platform in the insurance industry, streamlining the entire payment lifecycle, from collection and accounting to reconciliation and disbursement. By automating these processes, Ascend helps insurance businesses simplify treasury management, eliminate repetitive, time-consuming operational tasks, and provide a better customer experience. The result is greater profitability for its customers which include leading agencies, MGAs, and insurance carriers. February 24, 2025 Article Compliance as code As an engineer, how do you ensure that a code change doesn’t inadvertently break a compliance or legal obligation? More fundamentally, how do you even know what those obligations are? Conway’s Law tells us that compliance and engineering teams tend to operate in separate systems that rarely talk to each other. As a result, policies, procedures, and legal frameworks live in one world, while production systems live in another. January 23, 2025 Customer story Ramp launches Ramp Treasury, powered by Increase Ramp is a financial operations platform that helps companies achieve more by spending less. From spend and expense management to bill payments and vendor management, Ramp’s all-in-one solution is designed to automate finance operations and help businesses grow efficiently. With the launch of the Ramp Treasury, Ramp has further expanded its suite of financial tools, offering an all-in-one cash and treasury portfolio that puts customers’ operating cash to work. December 31, 2024 Product Updates Q4 2024 Newsletter Changes for Q4 2024, including OAuth applications, lockboxes, export functionality, and more. December 16, 2024 Article ISO 8583: The language of credit cards ISO 8583 is the standard for real-time messages communicated between acquirers and issuers through all of the major card networks. Whenever you tap your card at a point of sale device or click “purchase” online, odds are it will eventually end up as an ISO 8583 message sent between the merchant’s acquiring processor, the card network, and your bank’s issuer processor. November 21, 2024 Article Cash reconciliation: Aligning transaction activity with the Federal Reserve’s data Increase operates as a parallel core for our bank partners. We connect directly to the Federal Reserve and process wires, ACH transfers, and checks using a dedicated routing number. An important associated responsibility is to reconcile the activity in our systems with the cash movement at the Federal Reserve. September 30, 2024 Product Updates Q3 2024 Newsletter Changes for Q3 2024, including RSS feed subscription, card authorization improvements, Real-Time Payments, and more. September 9, 2024 Article Automated invariant monitoring In 2012, Stripe had an incident where a file sent to a financial partner wasn’t acknowledged. This went unnoticed, leading to a delay in transferring what seemed like a significant amount of money at the time. During the debrief, it became clear that we needed more robust automated monitoring and alerting for our financial partner integrations. In the next day or so, Patrick and Siddarth built an invariant monitor. August 23, 2024 Article Visa: half a century of high availability From the Fresno drop in 1958 and through Visa’s first 15 years of existence, an authorization with a Visa card was processed by having the merchant call either the cardholder’s bank, if the card was regional, or a switching center to be forwarded onto the bank if it was not. In the early 70s, the overhead of this reached a breaking point and Visa set out to build what would become known as “BankAmericard Authorization System Experimental (BASE)”—an electronic authorization system linking the Visa member banks with merchants or their acquiring centers through a central switching system. August 1, 2024 Article Increase: a modernized banking core A financial institution can maintain its existing core while simultaneously adding a new core. The two cores can interact as necessary (either by exchanging data directly or separately interacting with upstream or downstream services). This is what Increase does: we operate as a parallel core for our bank partners. We also expose functionality of the underlying depository rails via powerful APIs. July 30, 2024 Product Updates Announcing Lockboxes: Programmatically deposit checks with your own virtual mailbox Increase’s API and Dashboard allow efficient, programmatic access to mail checks, deposit check images, and — starting this month — host a virtual mailbox to accept payments in your designated check lockbox. June 30, 2024 Product Updates Q2 2024 Newsletter Changes for Q2 2024, including check deposit images, card dispute timelines, lockboxes, and more. April 23, 2024 Article No Abstractions: an Increase API design principle This post explains one of the core design principle of Increase’s API, dubbed No Abstractions, which we’ve found useful as our product and company scale. April 1, 2024 Article Guide to FedACH Automated Clearing House (ACH) is the dominant low-value transfer mechanism in the US. Learn more about how ACH works and pitfalls to avoid. March 31, 2024 Product Updates Q1 2024 Newsletter Changes for Q1 2024, including Program ID exposure, Visa fraud scores, Quickbooks integration, and more. March 6, 2024 Customer story How CapitalOS built their spend management platform on Increase CapitalOS offers embedded spend management solutions for B2B platforms looking to launch card-based products for their users. As B2B platforms increasingly become the operating system for small businesses, they’re uniquely positioned to save time and money for their users through smart spend management. January 25, 2024 Article How depository placement networks provide extended FDIC coverage Increase and our bank partners now offer access to Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) coverage on deposits of more than $250,000. This works through our connection to a deposit placement network offered by IntraFi. You can place deposits using IntraFi’s ICS service via Increase’s Dashboard or API. Enrollment does not impact access to your funds. January 10, 2024 Article How We Work We first wrote an internal culture document at Increase on 2019-10-09. It was labeled as a draft since we weren’t sure what principles would hold true as we scaled. Now, 4 years later, we’ve found the way that we work allows us to process tens of billions in payments. December 31, 2023 Product Updates Q4 2023 Newsletter Changes for Q4 2023, including Wire Transfer limits, Check Deposit timing, IntraFi enrollment, and more. December 13, 2023 Article Guide to Fedwire Fedwire is the dominant high-value transfer mechanism in the US and is the Federal Reserve’s real-time gross settlement network. Learn more about how Fedwire works and pitfalls to avoid. November 28, 2023 Customer story How Ramp scaled a successful bill pay product with Increase Ramp is the ultimate platform for modern finance teams. From spend management and expense management software, to bill payments and vendor management, Ramp’s all-in-one solution is designed to automate finance operations and build healthier businesses. September 30, 2023 Product Updates Q3 2023 Newsletter Changes for Q3 2023, including API documentation improvements, physical card simulations, check image reviews, and more. August 24, 2023 Article Guide to Real-Time Payments Real-Time Payments is a instant payment service developed by The Clearing House. It reaches roughly 65% of US depository accounts. Learn more about how Real-Time Payments work and pitfalls to avoid. June 30, 2023 Product Updates Q2 2023 Newsletter Changes for Q2 2023, including Transactions vs Transfers guide, documentation refactoring, bookkeeping visibility, and more. April 2, 2023 Article Guide to Check 21 Check 21 is the Federal Reserve’s electronic check clearing service. Learn more about how Check 21 works and pitfalls to avoid. March 31, 2023 Product Updates Q1 2023 Newsletter Changes for Q1 2023, including Programs introduction, wire transfer requirements, SDK launches, and more. December 31, 2022 Product Updates Q4 2022 Newsletter Changes for Q4 2022, including general availability launch, Real-Time Payments API, Check Transfer improvements, and more. September 30, 2022 Product Updates Q3 2022 Newsletter Changes for Q3 2022, including check numbers, Real-Time Payments simulation, company creation flow, and more. June 30, 2022 Product Updates Q2 2022 Newsletter Changes for Q2 2022, including wire routing details, stop payment functionality, Cards API launch, and more. Products ACH Bank Accounts Cards Checks FedNow Real-Time Payments Wires Developers Documentation API Reference Changelog Status Solutions Bill pay Payroll Wallets Embedded lending Fund administration Sponsor banking Company Pricing Updates Contact us Privacy Security Terms Increase is not a bank. Banking products and services are offered by Grasshopper Bank, N.A., Member FDIC and First Internet Bank of Indiana, Member FDIC. Cards Issued by First Internet Bank of Indiana, pursuant to a license from Visa Inc. Deposits are insured by the FDIC up to the maximum allowed by law through Grasshopper Bank, N.A., Member FDIC and First Internet Bank of Indiana, Member FDIC. FDIC deposit insurance only covers the failure of the FDIC insured bank.