Increase — Enterprise-grade Banking APIs Enterprise-grade banking APIs Modern banking infrastructure that enables technology companies to programmatically store, move, and reconcile money. Sign up Contact sales A full-stack feature set with direct-to-bank partnerships ACH FedACH Cards Visa Bank accounts Federal Reserve Wires Fedwire Checks Check 21 RTP The Clearing House FedNow FedNow Push-to-Card Visa Direct and Mastercard Send Bare-metal APIs Directly from the Federal Reserve Major financial networks like Visa and FedACH have evolved over decades. Often, technology companies try to hide or abstract away their complexity, which limits what you can build. We take a different approach and strive to expose the full power. We connect you directly to the Federal Reserve, Visa, and other networks so you can get unfiltered access, more stability, and a flexible implementation. Transparent data Fewer dependencies Stability and redundancy Faster build times Flexible solutions Embed financial services that scale Increase customers store and send billions of dollars a month through powerful and flexible tools. Move money faster and more reliably Programmatically send and receive ACH, wires, real-time payments, and even physical checks. Fast by default Same-day ACH means funds land in as little as a few hours. Predictable timing Submit at any FedACH window. Settlement tracking Get up-to-date settlement information directly from the Federal Reserve. Correlated returns Returns are automatically correlated using unique trace identifiers. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 await increase. achTransfers . create ({ account_id : 'account_in71c4amph0vgo2qllky' , amount : 81634 , currency : 'USD' , individual_name : 'Ian Crease' , account_number : '987654321' , routing_number : '101050001' , company_entry_description : 'July Consulting' , company_discretionary_data : 'ACME Corp' , }); Ramp partners with Increase to support customers' payment needs. Read more Store and reconcile funds with flexibility All the building blocks you need to support whatever your unique funds flows require. Flexible account numbers Attribute every inbound payment to a unique account number. Versatile account structures Store customer funds in one or many FBO or customer-titled accounts. Immutable ledger Track every transaction on our system of record. Automatic supervision We programmatically verify identities, unblocking you to move and scale faster. 1 2 3 4 await increase. accounts . create ({ entity_id : "entity_in71c4amph0vgo2qllky" , name : "Default account" , }); Digits partners with Increase to automate accounting for modern businesses. Create a robust card program ​​Increase integrates directly with Visa as an issuer processor, offering direct access to underlying network data. Instant funds availability Move any funds stored in Increase without needing to pre-fund a third-party. Real-time authorizations Respond to authorization requests in real-time from your own servers. Custom physical cards Print custom cards and carriers that easily scale. Unlimited card numbers Issue physical and virtual cards at scale. 1 2 3 4 await increase. cards . create ({ account_id : "account_in71c4amph0vgo2qllky" , description : "Card for Ian Crease" }); CapitalOS partners with Increase to help platforms launch customizable expense cards quickly. Read more Customized compliance Direct-to-bank partnerships You know your customers better than we, or any other platform, could. Design a compliance program specific to your business rather than take a one-size-fits-all approach. Work directly with a bank partner Gain a strategic partner with risk and oversight expertise that understands your business. Own your customer relationships Stay in control and build tailored experiences by owning decisioning for customer onboarding. Efficient tooling Use simple workflows that will help your team breeze through monthly reporting. Future growth Work closely with Increase and the bank on new products and use cases that will help you scale. Flexible financial primitives for developers Initiate an ACH transfer Open a bank account Generate a unique account number Create a card Deposit a check Send a wire Make a real-time payment Read our documentation 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 await increase. achTransfers . create ({ account_id : 'account_in71c4amph0vgo2qllky' , amount : 1000 , currency : 'USD' , individual_name : 'Ian Crease' , account_number : '987654321' , routing_number : '101050001' , company_entry_description : 'July Consulting' , company_discretionary_data : 'ACME Corp' , }); Programmatically create ACH debits and credits. We default to same-day ACH and hit every window. Returns are correlated automatically. Webhooks keep you up-to-date on each transfer's lifecycle. Read our documentation Modern tooling Seamless workflows for your team Whether you’re manually moving money, tracking compliance submissions, or helping a customer with a return, we care about saving you time. Look forward to powerful tooling, smooth workflows, and clever shortcuts that support and extend the functionality in our API. Create accounts Monitor activity Move money Export data Save recipients Approval workflows Create cards More Our company Gain an advocate not just a technology partner We’ve been building financial infrastructure for years and know the US banking system inside and out. We also know that creating a product is only half the battle. Often times the real need is for close partnerships, regulatory expertise, and extreme attention to detail. “Increase has been an invaluable partner to Modern Treasury. They support innovative, fast growing customers looking for high quality banking technology, and get our mutual customers moving money quickly.” Increase partners with Modern Treasury to help customers move money quickly. Banking for builders Everything you need and nothing you don't Direct connections to the networks for money movement. Bank accounts that open instantly. Unopinionated building blocks that don't force you into legacy patterns. Sign up Contact Sales ACH Payments Originate ACH credits and debits, validate account numbers with pre-notifications and store commonly accessed details. Learn more Bank Accounts Flexible account constructs with unlimited account numbers. Learn more Cards Issue custom cards to your customers. Approve authorizations in real-time and configure your own limits. Learn more Checks Send branded checks anywhere in the world with one API call. Or deposit checks via API or the dashboard. Learn more Wires The original instantaneous money transfer. Send money anywhere, anytime Fedwire is open. Learn more Real-Time Payments Transmit money to accounts at most major banks in seconds, not days. Learn more FedNow The Federal Reserve’s newest payment method. Quickly move money 24/7/365 with any participating bank. Learn more Push-to-Card Send funds to eligible Visa and Mastercard cards in seconds at any time. Learn more Products ACH Bank Accounts Cards Checks FedNow Real-Time Payments Wires Developers Documentation API Reference Changelog Status Solutions Bill pay Payroll Wallets Embedded lending Fund administration Sponsor banking Company Pricing Updates Contact us Privacy Security Terms Increase is not a bank. Banking products and services are offered by Grasshopper Bank, N.A., Member FDIC and First Internet Bank of Indiana, Member FDIC. Cards Issued by First Internet Bank of Indiana, pursuant to a license from Visa Inc. Deposits are insured by the FDIC up to the maximum allowed by law through Grasshopper Bank, N.A., Member FDIC and First Internet Bank of Indiana, Member FDIC. FDIC deposit insurance only covers the failure of the FDIC insured bank.