About VAST Data - Revolutionary Data Platform - VAST Data About VAST Data Next-Generation AI OS Company VAST Data is building the AI Operating System, a global data platform that empowers intelligent agents to store, think, communicate, and act. Learn About the VAST AI OS Learn About Our Customers Overview Backed to build boldly Meet the Leadership Overview Building the Future of AI AI and Deep Learning fuel unprecedented data growth, creating exabyte-scale workloads that demand accelerated computing. Emerging AI agents will soon multiply performance and scale needs 100-fold. This exponential data and computational surge makes traditional IT architectures obsolete. The new AI era's challenges necessitate a fundamental data infrastructure rethink. Organizations need a new architectural paradigm to succeed. VAST Data provides a transformative solution: the VAST AI Operating System, built on the innovative DASE (Distributed and Shared Everything) architecture. This is a foundational redesign for today's rigorous AI demands. Many data-intensive enterprises, including over 25% of the Fortune 100 and leading global GPU Cloud service providers, recognize legacy infrastructure limitations and have chosen VAST Data for their strategic AI initiatives. Architectural evolution is crucial. Adopting a future-proof data foundation is vital to unlock AI's transformative potential. Learn More About the Platform Backed to build boldly Our Growth Story NPS Industry-Leading NPS Score of 84 Get the Details Series E VAST triples valuation to $9.1B as demand surges for AI-first infrastructure Get the Details Series D Breakout growth drives VAST to $3.7B, marking a turning point in enterprise adoption Get the Details Series C Early momentum propels VAST to a $1.2B valuation, signaling strong market validation Get the Details Series A+B VAST emerges from stealth with $80M and a bold plan to end decades of storage tradeoffs Get the Details Founding VAST Data is founded with a vision to reinvent data infrastructure from the ground up Explore Our Start 2024 December 2023 May 2021 April 2020 February 2019 January 2016 Company Facts Numbers That Matter Growth Backed by Results Bookings Growth with Long-Term Customer Commitments (for year ending 1.31.25) 3.6× YoY Trusted at Global Scale Among the Fortune 100, we’re trusted by more than 0 Growth Backed by Results Bookings Growth with Long-Term Customer Commitments (for year ending 1.31.25) 3.6× YoY Trusted at Global Scale Among the Fortune 100, we’re trusted by more than 0 Team Meet the people behind the innovation. United by a common vision, our core leadership team has remained intact since our first days as a start-up. We all began our careers working the grind. We all experienced the legacy thinking that permeates the tech world and believed there was a better way. We are like-minded in our desire to build a challenger brand centered on solutions built for the future of computing. Join the Team Awards What we have achieved View all awards Forbes AI 50 VAST Data, the AI data platform company, has been named to the 2025 Forbes AI 50, which honors the privately-held startups developing the most promising business use cases of AI. Forbes Cloud 100 VAST Data has been named to the 2024 Forbes Cloud 100, the ranking of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world, published by Forbes in partnership with Bessemer Venture Partners and Salesforce Ventures. Inc. Best in Business Inc.’s annual Best in Business Awards recognize the exceptional achievements and contributions of companies that have made a profound impact on their industries and on society at large. Meet the Leadership We are inventors, builders, and doers. Renen Hallak Founder and CEO Michael Wing President Jeff Denworth Co-Founder Amy Shapero CFO Marianne Budnik CMO Rick Scurfield CRO Shachar Fienblit Co-Founder and Chief R&D Officer Alon Horev Co-Founder and CTO Asaf Levy Chief Architect Karmit Shitrit VP, Human Resources Andy Pernsteiner Field CTO Meet the Board of Directors Renen Hallak Founder and CEO Lak Ananth Board Member Tom Mendoza Board Member Gary Reiner Board Member Ajay Shah Board Member Yoram Snir Board Member Ehud Rokach Advisor Our Investors