Careers - Explore Job Openings - VAST Data Careers Come build with us. With over 100 positions open all over the world, join one of the fastest growing enterprise infrastructure companies in history and discover just how VAST possibilities are. View Open Positions Values Open Positions Values Our values drive us to accomplish great things Learn What We’re About Innovation Innovation is at the core of everything we do at VAST. Our customers innovate by pushing the boundaries of what's possible with data, and we innovate by building the platform that powers their mission. While others took an incremental approach to data management challenges, VAST reimagined storage to build a data platform for the age of AI. Simplicity At VAST, we believe the fastest path to insight comes from stripping away complexity and tearing down limitations. When everything is simple and just works, the focus on innovation and advancement thrives. Transparency Transparency fuels our relationship with our customers and business partners. It allows us to partner and align with our customer’s interests to eschew the predatory business models of legacy vendors. No-politics VAST is a flat organization where every position is dedicated to business success. We don't design by committee and we value clear discussions from both our employees and our customers. We believe honest and direct communication leads to better partnerships, a better product, and better outcomes for everyone. Efficiency Efficiency is what moves VAST technology from evolutionary to revolutionary. We question where others accept, delivering superior value to maximize performance and scalability while lowering costs and economic footprint. Outcomes Outcomes are the only measure that matters. At VAST, we measure ourselves not in terms of IOPS, bandwidth, or data reduction rates (though we do like to brag a bit) but by the outcomes that we deliver for our customers. Meet Karmit VP, Human Resources Meet John VP, Global Business Development In looking at our culture, the candour inside VAST is unlike anything I've ever experienced. I see it in how the team engages internally across departments and externally with customers - it's inviting, yet challenging. Always seeking to find the answer. Our North Star is a customer-first mindset that is carried across geographies, departments and industry experiences. Haider Aziz Regional Director, Middle East and Africa , VAST Data Open Positions Find Your Passion Open Positions Show All Locations Show All Why Join? Company Benefits We offer competitive and comprehensive benefits, including: Health, vision and dental coverage including flexible spending accounts Unlimited vacation Pre-tax commuter benefits We’re building a diverse team. VAST is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, height, color, national origin, private stuff like sex and gender, age, disability, former employment or the like.