Company | xAI [ Our Mission ] Understand the Universe AI’s knowledge should be all-encompassing and as far-reaching as possible. We build AI specifically to advance human comprehension and capabilities. Join Us [ Our principles ] At our core We’re a focused and mighty team connected by our curiosity, commitment, and unwavering drive. Reasoning from First Principles We challenge conventional thinking by breaking down problems to their fundamental truths, grounded in logic. No goal is too ambitious We embrace the most challenging obstacles by always pushing the limits of what's possible. We are motivated by what’s unprecedented. Move quickly and fix things Our approach to rapid development and iteration allows us to innovate at breakneck speeds. We’re not interested in speed for speed’s sake—we’re here to solve real problems. [ Offices ] Collaboration across borders We are hiring across all our offices in our Palo Alto headquarters, Seattle, San Francisco, Tennessee, and London UK. We prioritize in-person work to support our fast-paced, collaborative projects. Exceptional candidates are welcome to apply from anywhere. Open roles Our path of progress We’re moving toward a future where we will harness our cluster’s full power to solve intractable problems. What’s one seemingly impossible question you’d answer for humanity? Jul 2023 Oct 2023 Jan 2024 Apr 2024 Jul 2024 Oct 2024 Jan 2025 Apr 2025 Jul 2025 Oct 2025 17 Nov Grok 4.1 Release We released Grok 4.1, exceptionally capable in creative, emotional, and collaborative interactions. Latest news View all Grok 4.1 Fast and Agent Tools API Bringing the next generation of tool-calling agents to the xAI API November 19, 2025 READ xAI and El Salvador Pioneer the World's First Nationwide AI Education Program Announcing Our Transformative Partnership with the Government of El Salvador. December 11, 2025 READ Grok goes Global with KSA Announcing Our Landmark Partnership with Saudi Arabia and HUMAIN November 19, 2025 READ Try Grok On Web iOS Android Grok on X Products Grok 𝕏 API Grok Enterprise Grokipedia Company Company Careers Contact News Resources Documentation Privacy policy Security Safety Legal Status