About Sierra | Sierra Skip to main content Who we are and why we're here. About Sierra. Sierra helps businesses build better, more human customer experiences with AI. By partnering with industry leaders, we’re transforming customer experiences, pushing the boundaries of applied AI, and delivering measurable business impact at scale. Trust We build trust with our customers with our accountability, empathy, quality, and responsiveness. We build trust in AI by making it more accessible, safe, and useful. We build trust with each other by showing up for each other professionally and personally, creating an environment that enables all of us to do our best work. Customer Obsession We deeply understand our customers’ business goals and relentlessly focus on driving outcomes, not just technical milestones. Everyone at the company knows and spends time with our customers. When our customer is having an issue, we drop everything and fix it. Craftsmanship We get the details right, from the words on the page to the system architecture. We value good taste. When we notice something isn’t right, we take the time to fix it. We are proud of the products we produce. We continuously self-reflect to continuously self-improve. Intensity We know we don’t have the luxury of patience. We play to win. We care about our product being the best, and when it isn’t, we fix it. When we fail, we talk about it openly and without blame so we succeed the next time. Family We know that balance and intensity are compatible, and we model it in our actions and processes. We strive to be the best technology company for parents. We support and respect each other, and we celebrate each other’s personal and professional achievements. Our founders Sierra was co-founded by Bret Taylor and Clay Bavor, who first met while working together at Google. With decades of experience shaping groundbreaking innovations for the world’s top tech companies, they set out to redefine what AI assistance can be. Bret Taylor Bret is Co-Founder of Sierra. Most recently, he served as Co-CEO of Salesforce. Prior to Salesforce, Bret founded Quip and was CTO of Facebook. He started his career at Google, where he co-created Google Maps. Bret serves on the board of OpenAI. Clay Bavor Clay is Co-Founder of Sierra. Previously, Clay spent 18 years at Google, where he most recently led Google Labs. Earlier, he started and led Google’s AR/VR effort, Project Starline, and Google Lens. Before that, Clay led the product and design teams for Google Workspace. Our customers Read more “ Sierra gives us back time. Our support team is now focused on more complex, meaningful conversations. If a member wants to speak to a human, that’s always an option. This is about augmentation, not elimination. ” Adam Luebbers VP, Member Experience, Clear “ Our service has fundamentally changed. With the AI agent, we effectively have 24/7 availability and engage in any language—something we couldn't do before. ” Marc Butakis VP of Operations, Casper “ Our customers rely on Minted for some of the most personal moments of their lives. It’s critical that our AI agent not only provides accurate information but also does so in a way that reflects our care for each customer’s unique needs. ” Anissa Gomez Quality Specialist, Minted Our offices Based in New York , Atlanta , London , and San Francisco , where it all began, we continue to grow and collaborate as a unified team. In the news How AI is reinventing software business models May 8, 2025 AI agents’ role in an evolving global landscape April 24, 2025 2025 Forbes AI50 April 10, 2025 See what Sierra can do for you Find out how Sierra can help your business build better, more human customer experiences with AI. Learn more