Blog | Sierra Skip to main content The Sierra blog November 5, 2025 Sierra Agent OS 2.0: from answers to memory and action At Sierra Summit, we unveiled the future of AI agents: a single agent that works across every channel, learns from every interaction, and builds real customer relationships. With eight new products, including Agent Studio 2.0 and the Agent Data Platform, Sierra is turning the promise of AI-powered customer experience into reality. November 5, 2025 Introducing Agent Data Platform Sierra’s first-of-its-kind Agent Data Platform (ADP) gives agents memory, context, and intelligence — turning every interaction into a human, personalized experience. Powered by Agent OS, ADP helps companies move from answering questions to anticipating needs. October 23, 2025 Publish your agent to ChatGPT Reach hundreds of millions of ChatGPT users with a single click — bringing your Sierra-built experiences into ChatGPT while maintaining full control and brand integrity. October 6, 2025 Voice turns one One year after launching voice, Sierra is powering hundreds of millions of conversations — showing how natural conversation is fast becoming the most powerful customer interface. Visual Attachments: A new dimension for chat agents Chatting with an agent shouldn’t feel like decoding a wall of text. Visual attachments make multi-step conversations easier to navigate, giving people a smarter, more intuitive way to move through a flow. December 9, 2025 Aspiring to omotenashi: Sierra launches in Japan We're excited to share that we're opening a Tokyo office, and SoftBank Vision Fund 2 has invested in Sierra. December 4, 2025 SiriusXM and Sierra announce a deeper collaboration with the launch of Agent Data Platform SiriusXM will be the first business to adopt Sierra’s groundbreaking new Agent Data Platform. December 4, 2025 Constellation of models: the architecture powering Sierra's agents Agents built on Sierra are assembled from 15+ purpose-built models working in concert, so they can handle complex tasks with speed, precision, and on-brand execution. December 3, 2025 The new Black Friday playbook 5 ways e-commerce leaders use AI agents to turn peak season into a competitive advantage. November 28, 2025 Sierra hits $100M ARR milestone in 7 quarters Sierra just hit $100M in ARR — seven quarters after we launched in February 2024. That’s a heck of a lot quicker than we expected, and makes Sierra one of the fastest-growing enterprise software companies in history. November 21, 2025 Change agents: Safelite How Safelite is transforming auto glass services for customers and insurance partners. November 18, 2025 Change agents: Redfin Redfin launches first of its kind AI conversational search experience November 13, 2025 Improving voice performance with post-training Post-training helps our customers' voice agents achieve shorter, clearer, and more human-like conversations. November 12, 2025 Subscribe to the Sierra blog Get notified about new product features, customer updates, and more. See what Sierra can do for you Find out how Sierra can help your business build better, more human customer experiences with AI. Learn more